<Bank of America PPT>
Lee McEntire 
Good morning. Welcome. Thank you for joining the call to review our second quarter results. Our earnings 
release documents are available on the Investor Relations section of the bankofamerica.com website, and 
they include the earnings presentation that we will make reference to during the call. I hope everyone has 
had a chance to review those documents.

Our CEO, Brian Moynihan, will make some opening comments before Alastair Borthwick, our CFO, discusses 
the details of the quarter.

Let me just remind you that we may make forward-looking statements and refer to non-GAAP financial 
measures during the call. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and 
assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause our actual results to 
materially differ from expectations are detailed in our earnings materials and SEC filings, available on our 
website. Information about non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations to U.S. GAAP, can also be 
found in our earnings materials that are available on our website.

So with that, let me turn the call over to Brian. Thank you.

Brian Moynihan 
Thank you, Lee, and good morning, and thank all of you for joining us today. Before I begin today, I just want 
to reflect a second on the horrible events this weekend. We at Bank of America are clear that there's no 
place for political violence in our great country, and we continue to wish the former President Trump a 
speedy recovery. And our thoughts, of course, go out to the victims and their families and others impacted 
by this terrible event.

With that, let's our attention to the results for the second quarter of 2024 Bank of America Corporation. 
This quarter, we achieved success in a number of areas, underscoring the benefits of our diversity and the 
dedication of our team to deliver responsible growth. Our organic growth engine continues to add 
customers and activity to all our businesses even as we see the drop in net interest income this quarter.

I'm starting on Slide 2. Our net income for the quarter was $6.9 billion after tax or $0.83 in diluted EPS. 
Attesting to the balance in our franchise, the earnings were split evenly: half in our Consumer and GWIM 
businesses, which serve people, and the other half in our institutional-focused business, Global Banking and 
Markets.

We grew revenue from the second quarter 2023, as improvement in noninterest income overcame the 
decline in net interest income. Fees grew 6% year-over-year and represented 46% of total revenue in the 
quarter. Our strong fee performance was led by a 14% improvement in asset management fees in our 
wealth management businesses. We grew investment banking fees 29% year-over-year and saw sales and 
trading revenue increase 7%. Global Markets had its ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in 
sales and trading revenue – a good job by Jimmy DeMare and the team. Card and service charge revenue 
also grew by 6% year-over-year in our Consumer business.

Much of this fee growth is a result of our intensity around organic growth and is a testament to the 
diversity of our operating model.

Now onto Slide 3. Organic growth has been driven by several key factors. First, we focus on our customers. 
We continue to place them at the center of everything we do.

Consumer led the way in delivering solid organic growth with high-quality accounts and engaged clients. For 
the 22nd consecutive quarter, we had significant net new consumer checking accounts. We expand our 
customer base and our market share. Specifically, we added 278,000 net new checking accounts this 
quarter, which brings our first 6 months of 2024 to more than 500,000.

In Wealth Management, we added another 6,100 new relationships this quarter. In our commercial 
businesses, we added thousands of small businesses and hundreds of commercial banking relationships. 
This has led to now managing $5.7 trillion in client balances, loans, deposits, and investments across the 
Consumer and Wealth Management client segments. In those areas, we saw flows of $58 billion in the past 
4 quarters.

Our emphasis on personalized financial solutions and superior customer service has strengthened customer 
loyalty, attracting new clients across all our businesses. Our focus on providing liquidity and risk 
management solutions to our institutional clients positions us to continue to gain more share of the wallets 
as well.

Second, we continue to deliver innovative digital solutions. One of the primary contributors of both 
attracting and retaining customers to our platforms is our digital banking capabilities for our clients across 
all the businesses. Our fully-integrated consumer banking and investment app drives the utility for our 
customers across their investment and consumer accounts. Our usage stats are strong proof points. Our 
second-language capabilities in our consumer businesses further enhance our customers' capabilities. You 
can see the continued digital growth in the slides on Pages 26, 28, and 30 in the appendix.

A couple highlights: our consumer mobile banking app now serves more than 47 million active users. They 
logged in 3.5 billion times this quarter. We also committed -- continue to see more sales through use of our 
digital properties. Digital sales represented 53% of our total sales in the past quarter in our consumer 
businesses. 23 million consumers are now using Zelle. They send money on Zelle at nearly 2.5x the rate they 
write checks. And in fact, more Zelle transactions – sent transactions – take place than the combination of 
customer ATM transaction and cash withdrawals at teller. Simply put, Zelle is becoming a dominant way to 
move money.

In our Wealth Management business, we are seeing more banking accounts being opened to complement 
the investment business those clients do with us.

Importantly, these clients are also recognizing the ease of our digital banking capabilities. 75% of our new 
accounts in our Merrill teammates were opened digitally. 87% of our Global Banking clients also are digitally

active. We have innovated and significantly streamlined service requests by enabling clients to directly 
initiate and track transaction inquiries within our award CashPro® platform, using AI to accomplish that.

Third, we continue to make core strategic investments in our businesses. We're not complacent with the 
success you see on this page. We continue to strategically invest in our core businesses.

A few examples. While we have the leading retail deposit share in America, we continue to invest and have 
opened 11 new financial centers this quarter in the first half of the year and renovated another 243. This is 
investment in both our expansion markets and our growth markets.

In Wealth Management, we continue to invest in our advisor development program. It's grown to 2,300 
teammates, allowing us to continuously add more than -- teammates to our 18,000 strong best-in-class 
financial advisory force across our wealth management businesses. We're also adding teams of experienced 
advisors strategically in areas across the country.

In our Banking teams, we continue to add to our regional investment banking team. We now have more than 
200 regional bankers across the country to better serve our Commercial clients, and they complement our 
industry coverage to our Corporate clients.

In our Global Markets business, we continue to extend balance sheet to our clients and adding expertise and 
talent to continue to lead our market share improvement seen over the last several years.

We also have increased our technology initiative spend and expect to spend nearly $4 billion on our 
technology initiatives this year. We have focused projects around artificial intelligence enhancements with 
both clients and our teammates. A recent example of our use of AI is our advisor and client insights tool. 
We've delivered more than 6 million insights year-to-date to our financial advisors, providing them proactive 
reasons to engage with clients. AI has moved from cost-savings ideas to enhancing the quality of our 
customer interactions.

Fourth, organic growth is driving integrated flows across our business. We invest heavily in each line of 
business that compete in the markets based on their particular customer segment. But importantly, we also 
invest across our lines of business to knit them together and gain market share in the local markets. It's a 
differentiated advantage for us: our banking leadership position across our businesses and our nationwide 
franchise. For example, we leverage our franchise by connecting business customers with our wealth 
management teams. Our teams across all our businesses have made 4 million referrals to other businesses 
in the first 6 months of this year.

Next, we drive efficiency and effectiveness, and that's through our operational excellence platform. We 
continue to invest heavily in the future of our franchise and growth while we also have to manage expenses 
day-to-day. Our focus on operational excellence has enabled us to hold our expense growth up to 2% year-
over-year, well below the inflation rates. We continue to work to achieve operating leverage as NII stabilizes 
and begins to grow again. As you look at it, and Alastair will explain later, a fair portion of the year-over-year 
increase in expense is due to the formulaic incentives of Wealth Management due to the fee growth in that 
business.

And last, our capital strength allows us to deliver for all stakeholders. Our capital remained strong as we 
held our CET1 ratio at 11.9% this quarter. We grew loans, increased our share repurchases to $3.5 billion 
and paid $1.9 billion in dividends. Average diluted shares dropped below 8 billion shares outstanding. In 
addition, we also announced our intent to increase our quarterly dividend 8% upon Board approval. Note 
that 11.9% CET1 ratio remained a solid excess capital position both above our current regulatory 
requirements and the increased requirement to 10.7% beginning in October as a result of the recent CCAR 
exam.

Let's turn to Slide 4. A couple of things to note here. First, we've noted for several quarters that the second 
quarter NII would be the trough for this rate cycle. We expect NII to grow in the third quarter and fourth 
quarter this year. Alastair is going to provide you some points in detail about the path forward.

One important contributor to that change is the deposit behaviors of our customers. On Slide 4, you'll note 
that average deposits grew 2% year-over-year and increased modestly linked quarter.

The second quarter in reality is typically a heavy outflow quarter. We have a lot of customers who pay a lot 
of taxes in that quarter. Quarter-over-quarter increases in rates paid continue to slow again this quarter 
across all businesses except for Wealth Management. And we show you that on this page, Slide 4, by line of 
business. While Wealth business deposit rates have moved higher with continued rotation, we expect those 
rates to begin to stabilize and the rate of the quarterly change to decrease going forward.

Turning to Slide 5. In previous calls, many of you have asked questions or commented upon the question 
about consumer net charge-offs and when would they stabilize in the second half of 2024. That expectation 
we have remains unchanged as well. This quarter's net charge-offs were 59 basis points. And for context, 
this is a stabilization of the rate. I would just remind you, prior to this quarter, I have to go all the way back 
to 2014 to see a charge-off rate that high, and that's near when we're still emerging from the financial 
crisis.

On Slide [5 – corrected by company], we highlight the 30- and 90-day plus credit card delinquency trends, 
which show delinquencies have plateaued for the second consecutive quarter. This should lead to stabilized 
net credit losses in credit card in the second half of the year.

At the bottom of the page, note a couple of facts: first, on the payment rates, this is the rate of paydown of 
balances in the month, remain 20% above index to the pre-pandemic levels, even while our card customers 
have plenty of capacity to borrow. And importantly, because of our relationship-based businesses, look at 
the right-hand side at the bottom of Page 5. There, you can see our deposit investment balances of our 
customers who also have a card with us -- remain 25% above their pre-pandemic levels, illustrating 
continued health of these customers. So if you think about consumer credit, the card charge-offs drive it 
and have flattened out in terms of delinquencies, and we expect them to improve in the second half.

With regard to commercial real estate, our usual CRE credit exposure slide is included in our appendix. We 
continue to aggressively work through our loans in our modest CRE office portfolio. We saw a decrease in 
all the categories: a decrease in reservable criticized loans, a decrease in NPLs and a decrease in net charge-
offs. This supports our previous expectation that net charge-offs in the second half of 2024 will be lower 
than the first half of 2024.

Our second-quarter performance highlights Bank of America's ability to generate strong, sustainable growth 
through a combination of customer-centric strategies, innovation, strategic investments, and a commitment 
to a strong balance of risk and reward. We call that responsible growth. We're confident that focused 
approach will continue to drive long-term success and create value for you, our shareholders.

Now I will turn it to Alastair for additional thoughts.

Alastair M. Borthwick 
Thank you, Brian. And I'm going to start on Slide 6 of the earnings presentation. I'll touch on more highlights 
noted on Slide 6 as we work through the material.

I just want to say upfront that we delivered strong returns with return on average assets of 85 basis points 
and a return on tangible common equity of nearly 14%.

So let's move to the balance sheet on Slide 7, where you can see we ended the quarter at $3.26 trillion of 
total assets, relatively unchanged from the first quarter. And not much to note here apart from a mix shift 
of lower securities balances, mostly offset by an increase in reverse repo and modest loan growth, as well 
as Global Markets client activity. On the funding side, deposits declined $36 billion on an ending basis, 
reflecting typical seasonal customer payments and income taxes. And as Brian noted, average deposits were 
still modestly higher. Liquidity remains strong with $909 billion of Global Liquidity Sources. That was flat 
compared to the first quarter.

Shareholders' equity was also flat compared to Q1 as earnings were offset by $5.4 billion in capital 
distributed to shareholders and a $1.9 billion redemption of preferred stock in the quarter. The $5.4 billion 
of capital contributions included $1.9 billion in common dividends and the repurchase of 3.5 billion in 
shares. AOCI improved modestly in the quarter, and tangible book value per share of $25.37 rose 9% from 
the second quarter of last year.

In terms of regulatory capital, our CET1 level improved to $198 billion, and the CET1 ratio was stable at 
11.9%. This 11.9% ratio remained well above our current 10% requirement, as well as our new 10.7% 
requirement as of October 1, 2024. Risk-weighted assets increased modestly, and that was driven by 
lending activity.

Our Supplemental Leverage Ratio was 6% versus our minimum requirement 5%. And that leaves plenty of 
capacity for balance sheet growth. And our $468 billion of TLAC means our total loss absorbing capital ratio 
remains comfortably above our requirements.

Brian already covered deposit trends, so let's turn the balance sheet focus to loans, and we'll look at average 
balances on Slide 8. You can see average loans in Q2 of $1.051 trillion. They improved 1% year-over-year 
driven by 5% credit card growth and modest commercial growth. The modest improvement in overall 
commercial loans included a 2% increase in our domestic commercial loans and leases, partially offset by a 
4% decline in commercial real estate.

Middle market lending saw an uptick in the quarter, and we saw good demand in our wealth businesses 
from custom lending. These areas of growth were largely offset by continued paydowns from our larger 
corporate clients on interest rate sentiment.

Consumer growth was driven by credit card borrowing. And while home lending balances were flattish, 
originations picked up a bit this quarter. Lastly, and on a positive note, loan spreads continue to widen.

As we turn our focus then to NII performance and Slide 9, note that we moved the slide we typically used to 
talk about excess deposits to the appendix on Slide 22, so you can see that there.

Our excess deposit levels above loans remained high at $850 billion and continued to be a good source of 
value for shareholders. 52% of our excess liquidity is now in short-dated cash and available-for-sale 
securities. The longer-dated lower-yielding hold-to-maturity book continues to roll off, and we reinvested 
again this quarter in higher-yielding assets. The blended yield of cash and securities continued to improve in 
the quarter and is now 160 basis points above our deposit rate paid.

[Technical difficulty. Company note: see end of prepared remarks for further comments.]

…the forward curve will materialize and this now includes 3 interest rate cuts starting in September, another 
in November, and one more in December. And the waterfall shows an estimated impact of those rate cuts to 
our quarterly NII.

The next couple categories are a result of natural management of interest rate risk in a balance sheet mixed 
with fixed-rate assets and variable-rate assets. And our balance sheet is split roughly half and half.

So we take in liquidity from customers that we used to fund our assets, and then we store excess liquidity in 
cash and securities. We have fixed assets that mature and pay down, and those supply cash that then gets 
put back to work on the balance sheet and reprices over time. And we have two basic categories of fixed 
assets that mature and pay off, and those are securities and loans. On securities, you can see we've got 
about $10 billion a quarter of cash coming off of our securities portfolio. And we gain roughly 300 basis 
points of improvement on those assets when we put that money back from the balance sheet.

On loans between resi mortgage and auto, we've got another roughly $10 billion, which reprices with a little 
less yield improvement than securities. And between the securities and loans, we expect the fixed-rate asset 
repricing adds about $300 million through our quarterly rate of NII as we get to the fourth quarter.

On the variable-rate asset side, and to protect from down moves in rates, we hedge some of that with cash-
flow swaps. And those typically roll off in any given quarter and get replaced over time.

So included in the cash flow hedges is an impact of cessation of BSBY as an alternative rate. If you recall, 
we took a charge in the fourth quarter of '23. It was $1.6 billion, and we said that would come back to us 
through time. And beginning in November, we start to see the benefit coming back into NII. And in Q4, 
that's about $200 million. That Q4 partial-quarter benefit will grow by a slightly smaller sequential NII 
benefit in Q1 '25, and then it begins to taper off heading into 2026.

In addition, we've got about $150 billion of received-fixed cash-flow hedges protecting us from short rate 
moves moving lower. Most are hedging floating-rate commercial loans, and the cost of those hedges is 
reported as contra revenue in commercial loan interest income. These hedges have a weighted-average life 
of just over two years, and they've got an average fixed rate of approximately 250 basis points.

So starting in the second half of 2025, we begin to get some additional NII tailwind, because the cash-flow 
hedges with lower fixed-rate legs, where we receive, those will begin to roll off and will likely replace those 
at higher current market rates at the time. The actual size of the tailwind we'll get from the expiration of 
those swaps will obviously be highly dependent upon the level and the shape of the yield curve at the time 
of those maturities. And that stretches out over the course of the next 4 years.

Okay. A couple of other points to make. You'll note, we don't expect much movement around our modestly 
liability-sensitive Global Markets NII activity.

And lastly, our forward view has an expectation of low-single-digit growth in loans, low-single-digit growth 
in deposits, with continued slowing of rate-paid movement through the back half of 2024. And you can see 
our expectation of the combined impact here as well. This last element is the one that has the most 
potential variability. And obviously, it will depend upon actual deposit and loan growth and pricing and 
rotation.

Okay. Let's turn to expense, and we'll use Slide 11 for the discussion. We reported $16.3 billion of expense 
this quarter, and that's more than $900 million lower than Q1, which included $700 million for the FDIC 
special assessment. Not including the FDIC assessment, expenses were lower than Q1 by $229 million, 
driven by seasonally-lower payroll tax expense.

Compared to Q2 '23, we're up less than 2%. And that increase is equal to the incentives paid for improved 
fee revenue. Incentives for our GWIM business alone are up $200 million year-over-year. And that's 
obviously an expense we're happy to pay when we have a 14% improvement in fees for assets under 
management.

Our second quarter headcount number included welcoming a diverse class of nearly 2,000 summer interns, 
who we hope will join us over the course of the next year or two upon their graduation. And absent those 
interns, our headcount fell by nearly 2,000. In the third quarter, we expect to add approximately 2,500 
college graduates for full-time, and that's from more than 120,000 applications received, showing that we 
remain an employer of choice for talented young people.

Expense levels for the rest of 2024 are expected to bounce around the second quarter level, given the 
higher fee revenue and investments made for growth.

So let's now move to credit, and we'll turn to Slide 12. There was little change in our asset quality metrics 
this quarter. Provision expense was $1.5 billion. That was $189 million higher than Q1, driven by a smaller 
reserve release in Q2.

Net charge-offs of $1.5 billion were little changed, with a small increase in credit card mostly offset by 
lower commercial real estate office charge-offs. On a weighted basis, we remain reserved for an 
unemployment rate of nearly 5% by the end of 2025, compared to the most recent 4.1% rate reported. The 
net charge-off ratio was 59 basis points, largely unchanged from Q1.

On Slide 13, we highlight more credit quality metrics for both our consumer and commercial portfolios. 
Consumer net charge-offs increased by a modest $31 million versus the first quarter from the flow-through 
of higher late-stage credit card delinquencies from Q1. Highlighting the change in direction of 
delinquencies, consumer 90-day plus delinquencies declined in 2Q by $57 million.

Commercial net charge-offs were relatively flat, as lower commercial real estate losses were mostly offset 
by a small increase in other commercial loans. Our office losses went from $304 million in Q1 to $226 
million in Q2. Other commercial real estate loan losses were simply one hotel.

Okay. Let's move to the various lines of business and some brief comments on their results, and I'll start on 
Slide 14 with Consumer Banking. For the quarter, Consumer earned $2.6 billion on continued strong organic 
growth, and reported earnings declined 9% year-over-year as revenue declined from lower deposit balances 
compared to the second quarter of last year.

Customer activity showed another strong quarter, net new checking growth, another strong period of card 
openings, and investment balances for Consumer clients, which climbed 23% year-over-year to a new record 
$476 billion. That included 12 months of strong flows at $38 billion in addition to market appreciation over 
the time. As noted earlier, loans grew nicely year-over-year from credit card, as well as small business where 
we remain the industry leader.

Team held expense flat year-over-year, reflecting good work with continued business investments for 
growth, offset by the operational excellence work to improve processes and move more of our transactions 
to digital.

And as you can see in the appendix, Page 26, digital adoption and engagement continue to improve. And 
customer satisfaction scores remain near record levels, illustrating customer appreciation of our enhanced 
capabilities due to our continuous investment.

Moving to Wealth Management on Slide 15. We produced good results, and those included good organic 
client activity, market favorability and strong AUM flows. And this quarter also saw good lending results. Our 
comprehensive suite of investment and advisory services, coupled with our commitment to personalized 
wealth management planning solutions, has enabled us to meet the diverse needs and aspirations of our 
clients.

Net income rose 5% from the second quarter of last year to a little more than $1 billion. In Q2, we reported 
revenue of $5.6 billion, growing 6% over the prior year. As Brian noted, strong 14% growth in fee revenue 
from investment and brokerage services overcame the NII headwind. Expense growth reflects the fee 
growth and other investments for the future. The business had a 25% margin, and it generated a strong 
return on capital of more than 22%. Average loans were up 2% year-over-year, driven by strong growth 
we're seeing in custom lending and a pickup in mortgage lending.

Both Merrill and the Private Bank continued to see good organic growth. And they produced strong assets 
under management flows of $58 billion since last year's second quarter, which reflects a mix of new client 
money, as well as existing clients putting more of their money to work. I also want to highlight the 
continued digital momentum in this business, and you can find that on Slide 28.

On Slide 16, we turn to Global Banking results. And here, the business produced earnings of $2.1 billion, 
down 20% year-over-year as improved investment banking fees and treasury services revenue were 
overcome by lower net interest income and higher provision expense. Revenue declined 6% driven by the 
impact of interest rates and deposit rotation. The diversified revenue across products and regions reflects 
the strength of our Global Banking franchise.

In our GTS business, fees for managing the cash of clients offsets a lot of the NII pressure from higher 
rates. And clients are accessing the capital markets for their capital needs instead of borrowing.

Investment banking had a strong quarter, growing fees 29% year-over-year to nearly $1.6 billion, led by debt 
capital markets fees, mostly in leveraged finance and investment grade.

And we finished the quarter strong, maintaining our #3 investment banking fee position globally. A solid 
start to 2024 has left us in a good position with top 3 rankings now in North America, Latin America, and 
EMEA and #6 in APAC. And we're seeing strong performance in important industry groups as well.

An increase in provision expense from last year was driven by the commercial real estate net charge-offs I 
discussed earlier. And expense increased 3% year-over-year, including continued investment in the business.

Switching to Global Markets on Slide 17. I'll focus my comments on results excluding DVA, as I normally do. 
The team had another terrific quarter as we generated good revenue growth and achieved operating 
leverage and continued to deliver a solid return on capital. Earnings of $1.4 billion grew 19% year-over-year, 
and return on average allocated capital was 13%.

Revenue – and again, this is ex DVA – improved 10% from the second quarter of '23. Focusing on sales and 
trading ex DVA, revenue improved 7% year-over-year to $4.7 billion, and that's the highest second quarter in 
over a decade. FICC was down 1%, while Equities increased 20% compared to Q2 '23. FICC revenues 
remained strong, and versus Q2 '23, they were modestly lower, driven by a weaker macro trading quarter in 
FX and rates, and that was largely offset by better commodities and mortgage trading. Equities was driven 
by strong trading results in derivatives and cash equities. Year-over-year expenses were up 4% on revenue 
improvement and continued investment in the business.

Finally, on Slide 18, All Other shows a loss of $0.3 billion, and that was little changed year-over-year as 
lower expense was offset by lower provision costs as a result of reserve changes. Our effective tax rate for 
the quarter was 9%, and excluding discrete items and the tax credits related to investments in renewable 
energy and affordable housing, the effective tax rate would have been 25%.

And with that, I think we'll stop there, and we'll jump into questions.

Lee McEntire 
All right. Alastair, Brian, I just wanted to -- I did hear some feedback that maybe the audio from the call got 
interrupted for a moment. So at the point at which it got interrupted, I just want to reiterate a couple of 
points that Alastair was making.

If you go back to Slide 9, where I think we lost the audio was where we started beginning a discussion about 
the performance from Q1 to Q2 of net interest income. That was driven by higher funding costs and the 
rotation of deposits seeking higher-yield alternatives. And while higher again in Q2, both the rotation and 
the rate-paid increases did continue to slow down.

On the Slide 10, I think the only points that I would make that Alastair began to discuss there was: we are 
just reiterating our expectation that quarter 2 would be the bottom for the NII in the rate cycle that we have 
been in. And our trajectory remains the same: the belief that our NII will begin to rise in Q3 compared to Q2 
and then rise again in Q4. We provided the range of expectations that Alastair covered. And we expect Q4 
NII to be around the $14.5 billion level, plus or minus. That would be approximately 4% to 5% higher than 
this quarter's NII.

And he began that discussion by making sure that you know that we pick up an extra day of net interest 
income in the Q3, providing about $125 million of additional NII that also carries through into Q4. You see 
that on the slide. It also assumes that the current forward curve will materialize. Those -- that interest rate 
cuts will start in September. We will expect another one in November and December in the curve. And the 
waterfall includes an estimated impact of those rates to quarterly net interest income. And so then – we 
started the discussion – he began the discussion on the fixed-asset repricing, which then I think is where 
the audio picked back up again.

And so we're happy to answer some questions on that. I know you'll have questions, but just wanted to re-
cover that point -- those points for you.

Operator 
[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Glenn Schorr of Evercore.

Glenn Schorr 
And definitely appreciate Slide 10 a lot. I know you would have given us a 2025 NII guide if you wanted to 
give us one. So feel free to give that if you want, but that's not my question. My question is given all the 
pieces of the puzzle that you gave us, expectations for modest loan and deposit growth and slowing 
deposit-seeking behavior -- if you get that 4% pickup from 2Q to 4Q this year that you're expecting -- right 
now or at least recently, consensus had NII looking flattish with that fourth quarter number. And that 
doesn't make a lot of sense, given all the pieces. So maybe if you can just comment directionally if you don't 
want to give the number of -- does it make sense to you that we collectively be expecting flat NII with your 
higher fourth quarter numbers?

Alastair Borthwick 
So Glenn, you're right. We're probably not going to give guidance around 2025 for all the reasons that you 
would expect. What we're trying to do here is reinforce for everyone what we've been saying from the 
beginning of the year. And that is we think Q2 is a trough, and we believe from this point, we're in a good 
position to grow.

Now when you look at some of the elements of this bridge, you'll draw your own conclusions with respect to 
fixed-rate asset pricing is going to persist for some period of time. And you'll be able to draw your own 
conclusions.

But I just want to point out, we've been pretty clear on our guidance for Q1 and Q2. We've always felt like 
this would be the trough. We feel like Q3 and Q4 are likely to be better. You can see our work here. We've 
laid it all out. Nothing's really changed in terms of that.

And the most important thing, I think, for everybody here is we feel like 2024 is a really foundational year. 
It's this twist period where we just got to get through the last of the deposit rotation, and we're 
establishing a foundation for growth from here. So that's what we're trying to convey.

Glenn Schorr 
Maybe I could just ask a follow-up on deposits within the wealth business. You have $4 trillion of client 
assets. I'm curious if you break out the split between brokerage and advisory accounts -- and can you hear 
me okay? I'm hearing tons of feedback, sorry. Okay. Sorry.

So $4 trillion in client assets -- great. $4 trillion of client assets in wealth. I'm curious if you could give us 
the split between brokerage and advisory. And the reason I'm asking is: I'm curious how you've been 
handling rate paid on cash in advisory accounts and whether we should expect any behavioral changes 
following the recent wealth news. Sorry for the feedback.

Brian Moynihan 
Look, Glenn, I'm not sure that distinction would be the distinction I'd look to. We've gone through a massive 
change in cash infused in the economy and withdrawn now under monetary policy, and so as we stabilize, 
our instructions to our team are to grow our deposit base a little bit faster than the economy. That means 
you have to price across the board to achieve that. And what -- if you look at the Slide 4 where I showed 
you sort of the change, what you see is the Wealth Management business takes a little bit longer because 
those clients have more investment cash with us, not what you're thinking investment accounts in their 
money, how they think about cash, they don't need for daily cash flow, and they move that around. That

largely is over. And if you look in the last four or six weeks, we're seeing those deposits in that business 
bounce around the $280 billion level, not a lot of movement. And it'll keep moving in and out depending on 
customers paying down their income taxes, taking more risk in the market and all those things, but the 
deposit pricing changes that we made to ensure that they were at a platform they could grow, having been 
as high as $350 billion down to $280 billion were made in the quarter and all through the P&L.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Jim Mitchell of Seaport Global.

Jim Mitchell 
Maybe just a quick follow-up, and I don't mean to beat a dead horse on NII, but can we just -- can you just 
help us think through the puts and takes on -- you have rate cuts at the end of the year, forward curve 
implies more next year. As that cumulative impact starts to hit next year, what -- I guess what gives you 
confidence that this is sort of the trough? What are all the puts and takes that we should think about in how 
we model the NII for next year when we think about the forward curve and that impact?

Alastair Borthwick 
Jim, I think this bridge probably is all the right inputs for any given year. I mean we've chosen to do it for 
2024. We've always resisted going out too far for the very simple reason that there's so many variables, and 
they start to multiply with one another.

If you think about even the rate cut one here, we're using the 3 cuts: September, November, December. If I 
did this as of Wednesday of last week, there would have been 2. Earlier in the year, there were 6. So since 
we don't know what that path looks like, it's very challenging then to provide guidance for '25 at this stage.

But what we're laying out here is these are the component parts. We're going to get some benefit from 
fixed-rate asset pricing over time. We're going to get some benefit in the immediate term from the BSBY 
cessation, and that's leading back into the P&L. As that rolls off, we'll get benefit from cash flow hedges 
repricing. And then we use the forward curves, same as you do, for the rate cuts. We benefit a little bit from 
Global Markets' liability sensitivity. And then that final piece is the piece that we're trying to drive in terms 
of organic growth. We're trying to drive this loan growth, trying to drive the deposit growth.

And as Brian pointed out, it's been a pretty unusual period in history where we've had an enormous change 
in the rate structure and in the fiscal stimulus and the effects now fading away to something more normal. 
But that last box will come down to your assumptions versus our assumptions. And we will update you as we 
go through the next couple of quarters, and we'll give you a better sense towards the end of the year.

Jim Mitchell 
Okay. That's all fair. And maybe just on the growth piece, maybe deposits seem to have bottomed for you 
guys in the second quarter of last year. You've had good growth. I think Brian pointed out, even with the tax 
headwind this quarter, you grew sequentially. So good performance, but still pretty modest.

Alastair Borthwick 
Well, I think Brian covered Slide 4. That top-left chart gives a sense for what's going on with the growth, 
that's average growth over time there. We did four quarters in a row. So we feel good about that part.

Q2 does tend to be a slower quarter just with all the tax payments. So we think deposits will do better over 
time, particularly as we get past peak Fed funds.

We feel like the pricing in rotation as -- you can sort of see in our numbers, they're slowing. So we're getting 
towards the end there. We're getting towards the end of QT. So we're not quite finished on all of those

things yet. I'd be careful to getting too excited about deposit growth, but we feel like we're doing okay so 
far, and we just got to keep driving that.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Mike Mayo of Wells Fargo Securities.

Mike Mayo 
I'll start with a simple question. You mentioned loan spreads have improved. Why is that? Where is that? Do 
you expect that to continue?

Alastair Borthwick 
Loan spreads have improved for us, Mike, over the course of the past, I think it's now 8 or 9 quarters. It's 
primarily in the commercial businesses. And it's largely because we have to price the balance sheet for the 
returns that our shareholders expect.

And that's true, I think, for the industry, and we've been quite purposeful in that regard. So we've tried to 
balance price and growth over the course of time, but it's primarily a commercial phenomenon at this point. 
And I would expect that to continue for the foreseeable future, but it's a competitive environment, so we're 
going to see.

Mike Mayo 
Okay. You gave us Slide 10, a lot of details there. You talked about the September rate cuts, the fixed-asset 
repricing, securities repricing, loans repricing, mortgage and auto, lots maturing November, received fixed-
cash swaps, and a whole litany of stuff. But I think when you put it all together, what it's led to is the net 
interest margin of only 1.93%.

In fact, I think your yield on your assets is below Fed funds right now. So would you agree that you're under 
earning with that NIM of 1.93%? And I know I've asked this question before, but you always have to mark to 
market.

What is a normal NIM? I mean you were 2.5% in 2017. You were 3.0% in 2004. And I know the composition 
has changed and everything. But what's normal NIM? And what do you think is a normal return on tangible 
common equity through the cycle?

Alastair Borthwick 
So I'd say right now, in terms of the 1.93%, we feel like we are underearning. We feel like that number is 
going to go up over time. It will go up as net interest income goes up. But additionally, I think the balance 
sheet is likely to stay kind of flattish here. So the numerator is going to grow. The denominator is going to 
stay pretty tight here. So we think we're underearning there. We think through a cycle, we've got to get back 
to a more normal number like 2.30-ish over time. That takes a while. It's a grind, Mike, quarter after quarter. 
So that's where we're headed.

And in terms of return on allocated capital, right now, we're right around that 14%. We want to be 15% or 
higher for our shareholder. A lot of it is because we've accrued an awful lot of capital over the time -- over 
the course of time -- in advance of any potential capital changes.

And the other final thing I'll just remind you is we're a little different than some of the regional banks in that 
we've got an enormous Global Markets business, and that obviously makes an impact on the headline NIM 
number.

Mike Mayo 
Okay. And then just I wasn't clear. You said net charge-offs in the second half should be less than the first 
half, and I wasn't sure if that related to cards or I wasn't sure what...

Brian Moynihan 
Mike, that was me. And basically, what I'm saying is you’ve plateaued in terms of the delinquencies, which 
means the second half is pretty well determined, as you know, because it's just a march from 30 to 60 to 90 
to 180. And it will be -- the charge-off rate will be flattish. We're kind of back to normal at 3.80% or so. 
That's -- we underwrite to actually have a higher charge-off rate, quite frankly, in that intolerance, but that 3 
80 is kind of where we see it since, 3.80%.

Mike Mayo 
Okay. Credit card charge-offs should flatten or decline in the second half relative to the first half?

Brian Moynihan 
Exactly. Remember, if you think about all the charge-offs, that's not -- that's the dominant part of it on the 
consumer side by a lot. And then the commercial, we spoke to the question of CRE office, which has been -- 
dropped quarter-to-quarter, and we expect the second half to be better also.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research.

Steven Chubak 
So I wanted to ask just on, just building on some of the NIM questions from earlier, a lot of it's been 
focused on asset repricing, both loans and securities. I was hoping you could speak to the opportunity to 
potentially optimize some of your higher-cost funding.

And just given multiple sources of NIM improvement, looking beyond '24, how should we think about the 
pace of NIM build as we -- I know it's a longer timeline to get to the 2.30% to 2.40%, but just how to think 
about the expectations around the NIM trajectory beyond '24.

Alastair Borthwick 
Well, your first point is a question of can we pay down some of the higher-cost securities? The answer to 
that is yes. And that would be an expectation of ours as part of this. We've got some shorter-dated CDs that 
can roll off. We can replace those or not. We have shorter-dated debt.

We've taken our long-term debt footprint down as we've continued to build the strength of the company. So 
there's a lot of different ways; it doesn't have to be securities reinvestment. It can be paying down higher-
cost liabilities as well. So we've got a lot of different ways that we can use the reinvestment, if you like, 
around the fixed rate. And then what was the second -- the second question was over what time period...

Steven Chubak 
The NIM trajectory beyond '24.

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. So look, we're obviously on it right now. We feel like this is the trough. We're trying to build it from 
here, and we'll make meaningful strides on that through 2025. That's where we're going.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Graseck 
Yes, another question on NII. Alastair, I did, I think, hear you correctly when you said that as you go into the 
second half of '25, there's going to be incremental benefits coming from swap roll off. Did I hear that right?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes, that's right. Second half of '25. So as we get closer, we'll be able to give you some kind of bridge like 
this that allows you to see what that looks like. But it's just -- it's a year out right now.

Betsy Graseck 
Yes, for sure. But I'm just wondering, is there anything that's -- I guess what I just would like to understand 
a little better is how the swap book is impacting Slide 10. And then is it gradual into the second half of '25? 
Or is it a switch on in 3Q? Just to understand how the swap book is playing into this.

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. So the part that's important for Slide 10 around the second half of this year is just the BSBY piece. It's 
not from cash flow swaps. Any cash flow swaps we have to roll off in the course of the next 12 months 
really, they're all kind of current coupon-ish, because anything that we did there was to do with LIBOR-
cessation or whatever, and so they all got re-couponed. So I wouldn't worry about that.

In the second half and onwards, some of the older, longer-dated things, they've got the lower coupons. So 
that's when – you know the BSBY number over time will disappear. But in the second half of '25, the cash 
flow number will begin to appear. So -- and we'll give you a sense for what that looks like over time, Betsy.

Betsy Graseck 
Okay. Got it. And then on the -- for right-hand side of Slide 10, you've got the yellow box, $50 million to 
$200 million. Could you just give us a sense as to what's the inputs to the $50 million versus the $200 
million just so we can be able to track it as we go through the rest of the next 2 quarters?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. We're essentially using 4 variables. We're thinking: what will the loan growth be? What will the deposit 
growth look like? What will be the rotation between noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing? And what will 
be any pricing changes we need to make, right? Then rotation and pricing are pretty closely -- you can call it 
the same thing. If you use more conservative numbers, you get towards the lower end. If you use slightly 
more constructive numbers, you get towards the higher.

I think the point we're trying to convey is -- this last part, this yellow box is always the unknowable at the 
beginning of the quarter where we're projecting. The pieces in the green, we kind of feel like we know what 
those look like. That's pretty predictable at this point. But we've got a little more certainty around that. So 
the teams -- we got 213,000 people who are working really hard to try and make that dotted yellow box at 
the higher end. But obviously, it depends on our assumptions, and it depends on our actuals.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Erika Najarian of UBS.

Erika Najarian 
Just my first question is trying to square what you're telling us on the net interest income trajectory in the 
setup versus your disclosure. So Alastair, you told us about, as a response to Glenn's question, the benefit 
from fixed-asset repricing, cash flow hedges repricing in the second half of '25.

And when I look at Table 40 from your Q, in both a parallel shift and a steepener scenario, down 100 is 
negative to net interest income. Is it because this is a 12-month look? And like you pointed out in the 
second half of '25, you have underwater cash flow hedges that are rolling off. In other words, as we go 
through 2025, do you get less asset sensitive? And additionally, what is the notional on those cash flow 
hedges that you're talking about?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. So the asset sensitivity that we disclosed is meant to give a sense for what happens if nothing 
changes. It's totally static. So that's one difference.

Number two, it's off of the future curve. So it's 100 above whatever or below whatever the future curve is. 
So I think it's a really helpful thing for sort of short-term moves in rates like take, for example, that orange 
box on Page 10. It's helpful for something like that, but it's less helpful in terms of a predictor of where 
2025 NII would be because there's so many other inputs, Erika, over time.

Alastair Borthwick 
Over time? I'd say about $150 billion.

Alastair Borthwick 
Well, I’d think about it like this. You can almost think about it like it's like $10 billion or so every quarter. It's 
just that the ones that roll off for the first -- next 12 months, they're all kind of current coupon so they 
won't really have any impact. Once you get into the second half of 2025, they're a little bit lower rated. So 
that's when you begin to get some benefit there. And then I think probably Lee can give you more details 
following.

Erika Najarian 
Got it. And if I could just slide in one more question on the normalized NIM. Q3 and Q4 clearly is much 
higher than where you are now. Alastair, you mentioned we should assume a flattish balance sheet. But I 
think I had conversations with the company before in that half of that path between 1.9%-ish to 2.3% to 
2.4% has to do with balance sheet efficiency.

And I'm wondering if you could carry out the balance sheet efficiency with -- and keep your balance sheet 
flattish. In other words, obviously, what the market is going to do is take your earning assets today and 
apply 2, 3, 5 and say, okay, over time, whether it's '26 or '27, this is what BofA can earn under a normalized 
curve. I'm wondering if that's the right math to do, or should we expect some shrinkage of the balance sheet 
if you can -- that's part of the path for?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. I think what will happen is the underlying growth of the company will still be there. But we have some 
things that we know, just like Steve asked that question if there's any higher rate shorter-dated stuff you'd 
like to pay off. Yes, there will be over time.

So I think we've got some ability to almost like self-fund the first $100 billion, $150 billion of growth in 
terms of earning assets. So that's why we're saying that will keep the denominator down while we're 
growing the numerator.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.

Ken Usdin 
Alastair, I just wanted to ask you a little bit more on the securities portfolio side because you also have, 
what, $180 billion or so of pay-fixed swaps on the AFS book. And so we know about the HTM maturity 
schedule. But how do you look at that AFS book? And how much are those pay-fixed swaps currently in the 
money and kind of like how you're just thinking about that side of the portfolio as well?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. Just remember, those have received-fixed. So remember, start -- that there. You remember that is when 
we put the AFS in our portfolio, it's so that we've got a group of securities that are sitting there. They're 
typically treasuries. We swap them to floating so that they look like they're cash as far as we're concerned. 
We don't have to worry about impact then to regulatory capital flowing through. And they just view -- to us, 
they just look like cash equivalents. So that's how we think about it, Ken.

Ken Usdin 
Okay. And then how do you manage that going forward with regards to like the rate forecast? Do those 
come off as the securities book matures or...

Alastair Borthwick 
Well, I mean, it's less of an interest rate call for us. It's more of going back to this concept of we've got $1.9 
trillion of deposits. And we've got $1.05 trillion of loans. So we've got $850 billion of excess. So when the 
excess comes in, we can do a variety of different things.

We'd love to put it in loans. So that's always our first love. But in the absence of that, we're going to put it 
in cash or we're going to put it in available-for-sale, probably swap to floating for the most part. And we can 
choose to put things in hold-to-maturity if we choose to. But obviously, right now, we feel like we want 
hold-to-maturity just continuing to pay down. That's what we've been having over the course of the past 11 
quarters. We're just going to keep going with that. So no particular changes to our philosophy around 
available-for-sale.

Ken Usdin 
Okay. And a quick one on expenses. I believe you said that costs are kind of hanging here at around the 
$16.3 billion that was reported. And so just kind of put any color on puts and takes here. Just is that better 
kind of revenue-related comp against your ongoing efficiencies and just how do you think about longer-term 
expense growth again?

Brian Moynihan 
Sure, Ken. I think honestly, the second quarter is sort of emblematic. If you think about last year's second 
quarter and this year's second quarter, we went up by $300 billion -- $300 million, excuse me. As Alastair 
said, 200 of which is wealth management – that’s incentive comp. Other growth was really other incentive 
comps.

So the idea, the pressures we face now are really more due to fee growth in the businesses, which typically 
have a tighter correlation between fees and expenses and incentive comp related to those fees. So that was 
-- that's not a -- that's a good expense growth – that’s what you want. It does grow, and it grows at a good 
rate.

Headcount has basically been bouncing around relatively flat. We're 212,000 this quarter, even adding a 
bunch of summer teammates. We were 215,000 last year this quarter, the same summer teammates 
included. So managing headcount, redeploying people; we have the cleanup stuff going on. We have the new 
initiatives going on. We're freeing up work and moving it over. So we feel good about managing the 
company. And that's against inflation rate and wages that are 3% to 5% going on in inflation and all the 
services we buy in the third-party markets, obviously, that the world experiences.

So we feel good about how we're managing expenses. The key is it's pretty simple. As you follow the 
revenue side of equation that Alastair has been talking about with your colleagues on NII stuff -- as that lifts 
and the expenses stay relatively flat, you start moving towards positive operating leverage. We're minus 1% 
or something like that this quarter, kind of hanging in there. And we'll expect that to go back to the 5-year 
track we had all the way up until the pandemic hit and things got thrown asunder.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.

Gerard Cassidy 
Brian, you talked, and Alastair, both of you talked about the excess deposits. I think it was Slide 22 you 
pointed to. Can you share with us as you go forward, and assuming the Federal Reserve does cut interest 
rates – I know you put, I think, 3 Fed fund rate cuts in your Slide 10 – but as we go out into the end of '25, 
the forward curve is calling for obviously more rate cuts. Could you tell us how you expect to price your

Brian Moynihan 
I think that's very business- and, more importantly, customer-specific views, Gerard. So we think our deposit 
strategies in the context of how our customers utilize our services. And so if you think about the parts that 
price up in Global Banking or the investment-related cash in the Consumer business and Wealth 
Management, that will come back down as rates come because the short-term equivalents come down. 
Some of it's absolutely mechanical because it's actually priced to meet a money market fund equivalent, 
that will happen. And so yes, I think if you think about us being all in, if you look on that slide at 203 basis 
points, there'll be some pickup as rates come down and those higher -- those zero-interest balance accounts 
are low-interest checking, they don't really move because they’re zero-interest to low-interest. So they'll be 
kind of static.

But they're still extremely valuable in the current context. So when you think of all the consumer, I think 60-
odd basis points or so, that's driven by the fact that we have 40-odd million transactional primary checking 
accounts that is growing at 1 million a year, multiple years in a row -- 900,000 to a million a year that are 
maturing from $3,000 up to $7,000 or $8,000 in balances, as people mature the relationship with us. That's 
where the tremendous value of the deposit base of this company goes.

And so if you think about $1.9 trillion -- $1 trillion having grown $100 billion, almost from the trough, if you 
think about it growing linked quarter, multiple quarters in a row, we think about even as we look now to 
grow deposit balances above that amount that – those are good dynamics. So we think about it. But it’ll 
move. But remember, part of our deposit pricing is never going to move because it’s zero.

Gerard Cassidy 
Right, right. No doubt, those are the golden deposits. And one other question on Slide 10. And also, I think if 
I recall your first quarter Q, you guys indicated you were asset sensitive. I would assume that the Slide 10 
also shows that with the 3 rate cuts.

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. So this is -- this shows that we're asset sensitive. That's why the red box obviously is bigger than the 
green box. It's the Market’s piece that's liability sensitive. So we're still asset-sensitive, Gerard.

What it would take for us is either we can have a lot more rotation into interest-bearing, or we could buy 
some short-dated duration fixed rate. So those are the two alternatives.

And if you look at the course of time, if you got to go back to our Qs over time, you'd see that we've 
become less and less rate-sensitive over time. We've really narrowed the corridor of whether rates go up by 
100 or down by 100, what could that outcome look like, narrowed that pretty substantially over time 
because return on lock-in rates here, recognizing the NII is up $4 billion or $5 billion over the course of the 
past several years per quarter.

Brian Moynihan 
Yes. The last thing I'd say, Gerard, for a person who's been around this business as many years as you have, 
this has been a very abnormal rate environment for the last 15 years or so. And if you get to where you have 
a more -- Fed funds rate of 3.5%, which is what our experts predict sort of stops out at -- the ability to 
bring that sensitivity tighter and tighter is there, because you actually have room to move down without 
hitting zero floors and stuff. So there's -- and so stability, the rate -- time periods in which the rate 
environment doesn't flip around. And then secondly, a higher nominal rate environment allow you to manage 
to that outcome, because part of the other outcome for us is just as the rate structure is nominally very low

is the zero floors kick in. And that creates an amount of sensitivity that over time will go away if rate 
structure is higher, if that makes sense to you.

Gerard Cassidy 
Yes. No, it does. And just, Brian or Alastair, one last quick question. I noticed on Slide 25, your home equity 
loan balances actually increased. I think that's the first time in maybe over 2 or 3 years. Was there a new 
program? Or what are you seeing that drives that? And should that -- or can that continue as we go forward 
into '25?

Brian Moynihan 
Yes. I think it just reflects that the people have locked in low-rate loans, and now if they want to borrow, it's 
an expensive view because they've got a fixed-rate mortgage loan, and they got a home equity sitting on 
top of -- why wouldn't they use it.

I'd like -- for it was only 2 years. It's been 4 or 5 years since that balance went to $30 billion and started 
declining. So it's good to see -- I'll note at the bottom of that page, if you look at year-over-year mortgage 
production, you have $5.7 billion and $5.9 billion.

And you look at home equity line production, which is new originations in the boxes, solid. But it is nice to 
finally see that the actual balances have stabilized, and we'll see -- they're kind of flattish, they're not really 
growing. But it's nice to see them not just keep coming down, and hopefully, they'll start to be utilized. Our 
expectation would be they will be as consumers over time want to take out part of the equity in their home 
at a rate that is reasonable but doesn't require to refinance the whole first.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Vivek Juneja of JPMorgan.

Vivek Juneja 
Just a little color on noninterest-bearing deposits. When you look at it on an average basis, the decline has 
clearly slowed sharply. Period end was down at a faster rate. Is that just the noise around end of 1Q? Or 
what are you seeing as you look sort of month by month? Is that truly slowing or -- and talk to it a little bit 
by customer segment, if you can, please?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. I think the fact, you're catching two things. First one is, it is slowing. That rotation is slowing, and we 
would expect that because, at the end of the day, this is mostly cash in motion. It's transactional accounts. 
That's why it's noninterest-bearing.

And the answer why it's a little different this quarter is because of the seasonality of tax payments. For 
anyone who has a big tax payment due -- they frequently just allow it to -- they may pull it out of their 
brokerage account, put it into their noninterest-bearing, and then they're wiring it out from there. So that's 
again an example of money in motion, but that's what's going on in this quarter.

Vivek Juneja 
A quick one. VISA-B derivative gains: did you have anything in your equity derivatives trading revenues this 
quarter?

Alastair Borthwick 
Nothing to highlight. Nothing to note. That's a position we sold years ago. And anything that's happened 
with Visa would just unwind on the balance sheet. We've recycled it. So it shouldn't have any impact to 
revenue.

Operator 
We'll take a question from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.

Matt O’Connor 
How are you guys thinking about kind of targeted capital levels going forward? Obviously, we're still waiting 
for final rules. Maybe there's a little more volatility in your SCB than you would have thought, but you still 
got a nice buffer.

And then I guess one last piece, I was thinking is the remixing of the balance sheet. That's been commented 
kind of throughout this call, over time probably causes a little creep in RWAs, right, like loans higher than, 
say, securities. So lots of excess capital, but some puts and takes. And how are you thinking about it 
between now and when we get final guidelines?

Alastair Borthwick 
So first off, I think we always want to use the capital to grow the business. So if we need to use it to 
support RWA growth for loans or something, that's a good outcome, and that's what we want to do first.

Second, we maintained 11.9% quarter-to-quarter with a little bit of RWA increase. I think that would be sort 
of emblematic. And we bought $3.5 billion; paid out $1.9 billion in dividends. So you expect that kind of to 
continue on in terms of that basic idea of: we don't need a lot of capital to grow because the RWA demands 
are met with a fairly straightforward amount. We're earning a nice amount of dollars, and we'll deploy it 
back in the dividend and the buybacks. We'll -- our job is to make -- our view is we'll maintain a 50 basis 
point type of management buffer to whatever the requirements are. The volatility, well, there's a whole 
different discussion on that in terms of the wisdom of that. But the reality is that the volatility is 
absorbable, because you have time to plan into it and get done within the rates we've seen.

So whether we agree with the volatility or not, we've easily absorbed it. And the new rules coming out, we'll 
see what happens, and we'll adjust. But just think of basically a requirement of 10.7% under the new SCB 
plus 0.50% is 11.2%. Maybe you get a little tighter if you feel you've got great insight into what happens 
next year, but -- and then I think the finalization of Basel III will come through. And we'll see what that is 
and see how that all correlates to the various aspects.

But we feel good about where we are and expect that all current earnings are basically available to support 
the growth we're talking about; in the current economic environment, that's relatively modest need. But 
really, the rest of it just goes plowing back to you.

Matt O’Connor 
Okay. And then just to summarize that, I mean, do you think about bringing down the 11.9% to 11.2% kind 
of in the near term, or to state the obvious like that's a little bit more theoretical and wait for the capital 
rules to play out?

Brian Moynihan 
I think we just -- we need to see how the next 60, 90, 120 days play out here -- a lot of discussion about the 
timing of a re-proposal or not, et cetera. So we have a lot of flexibility and -- but we continue to focus on 
shareholder value creation, all of that. But I think we're in a critical spot for the industry in terms of learning 
the outcome of a lot of these things over the next short period of time here.

Operator 
That concludes our question-and-answer session for the day. I'd be happy to return the call to Brian 
Moynihan for closing comments.

Brian Moynihan 
Thank you, operator. Thank all of you for joining us today. Obviously, a lot of focus on NII, and we gave you 
the Slide 10 to give you the bridge. Alastair answered a lot of the questions; Lee is here to answer it.

The key is to understand what's driving that, which is deposit performance, which has stabilized and starting 
to grow for like 6 quarters in a row now. Loan growth is very low and very low, but just staying positive. 
Those are going to drive the value of this franchise, and that's core organic growth by our customers.

That's coupled with strong fee performance this quarter in terms of wealth management fees, investment 
banking fees, consumer fees even growing, global payment services fees, and, of course, the great work 
done by our markets team.

So that level was flattish expenses -- it gives us a chance to start driving operating leverage again in the 
company, and that generates a lot of earnings, a lot of excess capital, and we put that back in your hands.

So thank you for your time and attention. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.

Disclaimer 
Certain statements contained in this document constitute “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current beliefs 
and  expectations,  are  not  guarantees  of  future  results  or  performance  and  involve  certain  known  and  unknown 
uncertainties  and assumptions  that are  difficult  to  predict  and are  often  beyond  the  control  of Bank  of  America. 
Actual  outcomes  and  results  may  differ  materially  from  those  expressed  in,  or  implied  by,  forward-looking 
statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the risks and 
uncertainties discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) filings, available on the Bank of America and SEC websites.
</Bank of America PPT>

<Bank of America PPT>
Lee McEntire 
Good morning. Welcome, and thank you for joining the call to review our third quarter results. Our earnings 
release documents are available on the Investor Relations section of the bankofamerica.com website. They 
include the earnings presentation that we'll make reference to during this call. I hope everyone's had a 
chance to review those documents. Our CEO, Brian Moynihan, will make some opening comments before 
Alastair Borthwick, our CFO, discusses the details of the quarter.

Let me just remind you that we may make forward-looking statements and refer to non-GAAP financial 
measures during the call. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and 
assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause our actual results to 
materially differ from expectations are detailed in our earnings materials and our SEC filings that are 
available on the website.

Information about non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations to U.S. GAAP, can also be found in 
our earnings materials that are available on the website. So with that, Brian, take it away.

Brian Moynihan 
Thank you, Lee, and good morning, and thank all of you for joining us for our discussion of our third-quarter 
results. Bank of America continued to demonstrate strength this quarter in an economy that continued to be 
stable, albeit with slower growth and falling inflation.

So many of you have asked me from time to time, what do we see in our own consumer customer base? As 
we talked about many times, our consumer payments is an indicator of activity. Those payments were up 
4% to 5% year-over-year for the quarter in the total money those consumers moved in the economy. The 
pace of year-to-year money movement has been steady since late summer this year, after having fallen in 
the spring and early summer. This growth in consumer payments continues into October. This activity is 
consistent with how customers are spending money in the 2016 to 2019 time frame, when the economy 
was growing and inflation was under control. This report has not meant to gainsay that consumers are wary 
of the cost of living, worried about higher rates and other matters. But overall, activity is fine.

Unemployment is low and wage growth is steady, both of which bode both for the consumer overall and for 
consumer asset quality.

With respect to what we see in our commercial businesses, it is consistent with the lower growth economy. 
Line of credit usage rates remain lower than pre-pandemic levels. This does not surprise us, with the 
dramatic increase in the cost of borrowing for small and medium-sized businesses. They aren't being 
indolent. They want to grow. They are simply being more careful and worry if final demand will hold. 
Therefore, they are being cost conscious across the board.

So how did Bank of America do against this backdrop? At Bank of America, our commitment to responsible 
growth remains unwavering, and this quarter is another illustration of that. We grew, and we did it the right 
way. In the third quarter, Bank of America generated $25.5 billion in revenue and earned $6.9 billion net 
income after tax. Year-to-date, we've generated net income of just over $20 billion. Four quarters ago, we 
called that a bottom would occur in our net interest income in the second quarter of 2024. Even with the 
rate environment that has bounced around quite a bit since we said that, we got it right. As we expected 
then, NII indeed troughed in the quarter 2. NII grew 2% this quarter. And as Alastair will note later, we 
expect NII to grow again in quarter 4, even as the market expects 2 more rate cuts in quarter 4.

This quarter, we saw a healthy revenue growth in our Wealth and Investment Management business and in 
our Global Markets businesses. We returned $5.6 billion of capital to shareholders, while also supporting the 
needs of our clients. So with that brief overview, let's dive into Slide 2.

Earnings per share came in at $0.81 this quarter. At $25.5 billion in revenue, we grew modestly from the 
third quarter '23 as improvement in noninterest income more than offset a year-over-year decline in net 
interest income. Fees grew 5% year-over-year and represented 45% of total revenue. The strong year-over-
year fee performance was led by a 15% improvement in investment and brokerage services, mostly in our 
Global Wealth Management business. We also grew investment banking fees 18% year-over-year. Sales and 
trading revenue increased 12% year-over-year. In aggregate, these market-related revenue streams rose an 
impressive 13% year-over-year. Our total expense in the company increased 4%. You can attribute most of 
the year-over-year expense growth to these market-related areas. Overall, a good job by the team.

On asset quality, A few quarters ago, we told you that consumer credit losses will go down this quarter 
given delinquency trends we had seen at the time. We also told you that office losses would be lower. Both 
of these proved true again this quarter. Good asset quality resulted in net charge-offs and provision expense 
for this quarter at $1.5 billion, which was unchanged from last quarter. Our performance is partly 
attributable to the diversity and balance of the company. A little more than half earnings come from our 
Consumer and GWIM businesses, serving people, and the other half come through from our Global Banking 
and Markets businesses, serving companies and institutional investors.

So let's turn to see how we grew organically this quarter. We are now on Slide 3. Our organic growth has 
been driven by a continued focus on customers’ and clients’ experience throughout all our businesses. 
Consumer leads the way delivering solid organic growth with high-quality accounts and engaged clients. For 
the 23rd consecutive quarter, we added significant net new consumer checking accounts and expanded our 
customer base and market share. We added 360,000 net new checking accounts this quarter, which brings 
our first 9 months of ‘24 to more than 880,000 net new checking accounts. In Wealth Management, we 
added another 5,500 net new relationships this quarter. In our commercial businesses, we added hundreds 
of small business and commercial banking relationships. Also note that we saw a strong organic growth of 
investment balances with banking customers and growth in banking products to our investing clients in our

GWIM business. This has led us to now manage $5.9 trillion in client balances of loans, deposits, and 
investments across the Consumer and Wealth Management clients. We saw flows of $62 billion into those 
business in the past 4 quarters.

In our Global Banking business, we saw loan demand start to pick up late in the quarter. We again ranked 
third in Dealogic IB fees received and have a solid pipeline. Our Global Transaction Services platform

continues to grow around the world and showed strong deposit growth for our commercial businesses over 
the last year and a quarter.

This quarter, Global Markets saw a continued momentum. Global Markets recorded the tenth consecutive 
quarter of year-over-year growth in sales and trading. Investments we've made in this business, and the 
intensity of the teams, has enabled a 35% improvement in sales and trading revenue in the past 3 years. 
Good work by Jimmy DeMare and the team.

Our customers and clients continue to want more from us, especially when it comes to our digital 
capabilities. So let's discuss this on Slide 4. Slide 4 highlights this continued success across our digital 
platforms. As usual, we included our disclosures on digital stats across the business, which we believe lead 
the industry. I commend you to the pages in the appendix, which give you more granular disclosure for each 
of the business's digital activities.

Our fully-integrated consumer banking and investment application drives the utility for our customers 
across GWIM and Consumer. The usage stats you see are strong proof points. Our second language 
capabilities also enhance the customers' experience. We have grown to more than 48 million active digital 
users, and those digital users logged in more than 3.6 billion times this quarter. We also continue to see 
more sales through those digital properties. Digital sales represented 54% of our total Consumer sales this 
quarter. Note that simply takes both high touch and high tech to drive continued growth with individual 
clients across the wealth spectrum in America. Erica, our AI-enabled virtual assistant, reached $2.4 billion 
client interactions since its launch, and Zelle show continued user and usage increases.

In our Wealth Management business, we continue to see full relationships increase with both investing and 
banking relationships being opened. 75% of the new accounts in Merrill were opened digitally, whether they 
are banking accounts or investment accounts. This enables more efficient customer coverage for our 
advisory teams.

Finally, 87% of our Global Banking relationship clients are digitally active. We have innovated and 
significantly streamlined service requests by enabling clients to directly initiate and track inquiries within 
our award-winning CashPro platform. As a result, app sign-ins for these clients increased nearly 80% in just 
the last 24 months.

In summary, the economic environment remains solid. While issues remain out there to external factors that 
could affect our business and the economy generally, we still see great opportunities for continued growth 
across all our businesses. We are focused on driving market share in all our businesses, investing in 
technology to further enhance the customer experience, and continue to increase our efficiency. With NII 
now growing and complementing our fee growth, along with our continued solid expense discipline, we 
expect to return to operating leverage as we move through the quarters in 2025. With that, I'll turn to 
Alastair for additional details.

Alastair M. Borthwick 
Thank you, Brian. And I'm starting on Slide 5 of the earnings presentation. We'll touch on more highlights 
noted here as we work through the material, and I'd just add that we delivered solid returns with a return on 
average assets of 83 basis points and return on tangible common equity of 12.8%. So let's move to the 
balance sheet on Slide 6, where you can see that the balance sheet ended the quarter at $3.3 trillion of total 
assets, up $66 billion from the second quarter, as Global Markets client demands expanded and commercial 
loans grew $16 billion in the quarter.

Otherwise, in the quarter, the investments of our excess liquidity saw a $10 billion reduction in hold-to-
maturity securities, and the combination of shorter-term liquidity investments of cash and available-for-sale 
securities were relatively flat to the second quarter. On the funding side, Global Markets grew to support 
balance sheet needs of our clients and total deposits grew $20 billion on an ending basis, it's noteworthy 
that our average deposits are now up for the fifth consecutive quarter.

Liquidity remained strong with $947 billion of Global Liquidity Sources, and that was up $38 billion 
compared to the second quarter. Shareholders' equity was up $2.6 billion, with common equity up $4.6 
billion and a preferred redemption driving a $2 billion decline in preferred equity. The increase in common 
equity compared to Q2 included $5.6 billion in capital returned to shareholders, partially offsetting our 
earnings, and it included improvement in AOCI driven by an improvement from cash flow hedges given the 
drop in the long-term rates in the quarter. The $5.6 billion in capital distributions includes $2.0 billion in 
common dividends and the repurchase of $3.5 billion in shares. Tangible book value per share of $26.25 
billion rose 10% from the third quarter of '23. And turning to regulatory capital, our CET1 level improved to 
$200 billion. And the CET1 ratio was 11.8%, and that remains well above our new 10.7% requirement as of 
October 1. Risk-weighted assets increased modestly, driven by both lending activity and Global Markets 
needs to support clients. And our supplemental leverage ratio was 5.9% compared to the minimum 
requirement of 5%, which leads plenty of capacity for balance sheet growth. Our $463 billion of total loss-
absorbing capital means our TLAC ratio remains comfortably above our requirements.

So let's dig a little deeper on deposits and the growth from the second quarter using Slide 7. Here, we show 
you deposits and rates by line of business. Average deposits grew $45 billion or 2% year-over-year, and they 
increased modestly linked quarter. Notably, quarter-over-quarter increases in rates paid continued to slow 
again this quarter, rising 7 basis points to 210. Consumer Banking increased modestly, driven by product 
mix in higher-rate product offerings. And Global Banking rate paid increased modestly, driven by growth in 
interest-bearing balances. It's worth noting that Wealth Management declined 1 basis point. We acted 
quickly following the September 50 basis point rate cut in our Wealth Business and our Global Banking 
business. And since late in the quarter, only a small portion of those cuts are reflected. Total rate paid for all 
deposits from these actions is expected to fall below 2% later in October as the fuller effect of the pass-
throughs occur.

Let's turn to loans by looking at average balances on Slide 8. Loans in Q3 of $1.06 trillion improved 1% 
year-over-year, driven by solid commercial loan growth, as well as credit card and vehicle loans. Overall, 
commercial loans grew 2% year-over-year. And importantly, this included a drop in commercial real estate 
loans of 6%. Commercial loans, excluding commercial real estate, grew 3% year-over-year and were up 6% 
annualized from the second quarter. Consumer Banking loan growth was driven by credit card, small 
business, and vehicle borrowing, and the overall consumer growth was muted by a decline in mortgage 
balances as paydowns exceeded originations in a higher-rate environment.

Let's turn our focus to NII performance and Slide 9. So note that our trended investment of excess deposit 
slide is in our appendix on Page 21. Deposit levels were $855 billion in excess of loans at the end of Q3 and 
continue to be a good source of value for shareholders, nearly $625 billion or 52% of our excess liquidity is 
in short-dated cash and AFS securities. The longer-dated, lower-yielding hold-to-maturity book continues to 
roll off, and we reinvest that in higher-yielding assets. The blended yield of cash and securities on Page 21 
remains well above our deposit rate paid.

So going back to Slide 9, regarding NII on a GAAP non-FTE basis, NII in Q3 was $14 billion. And on a fully 
tax-equivalent basis, NII was $14.1 billion. On our third quarter earnings call last year, we first provided our 
expectation that the second quarter would be the trough and then we would begin to grow in the third 
quarter of '24, marking an inflection point for NII, and that's what you see this quarter. NII increased by 
$252 million from the second quarter, driven by a number of factors: Global Markets activity and pricing, 
fixed asset repricing, and one extra day all benefited NII while higher funding costs partially offset those 
benefits. The 50-basis point rate cut in September also negatively impacted NII.

With regard to a forward view of NII, there are obviously several variables at play in the fourth quarter, and 
we still expect fourth quarter NII to grow, and we expect it to be $14.3 billion or more on a fully tax-
equivalent basis. Now, we note the following assumptions: First, we assume that the forward curve on 
October 10 is the one that materializes, so that includes a 25-basis point cut in November and another 25-
basis points in December. We also assume very modest balanced increases in both loans and deposits in Q4, 
building off the activity seen in Q3.

Last quarter, we told you that we expect about $20 billion in the aggregate of fixed-rate loans and 
securities to reprice on a quarterly basis. And those are expected to reprice into higher-yielding assets and 
provide a benefit to NII for many periods ahead. And as described previously, we expect to see roughly $200 
million benefit in Q4 from the BSBY alternative rate transition. So we think this sets us up well for 2025.

With regard to interest rate sensitivity on a dynamic deposit basis, we provide a 12-month change in NII for 
an instantaneous shift above or below the forward curve. On that basis, a 100-basis point increase would 
benefit NII by $1.8 billion, while a decrease of 100 basis points would decrease NII over the next 12 months 
by $2.7 billion.

Okay. Let's now turn to expense, and we'll use Slide 10 for the discussion. We reported $16.5 billion in 
expense this quarter, up 1% from the second quarter, driven by the revenue improvement in 3 primary areas 
that Brian noted earlier. Investment banking, investment and brokerage fees, and sales and trading revenue 
all have more activity and incentive variability than up their revenues, and they were up 3% in aggregate 
versus the second quarter and up 13% year-over-year.

In Q3, our headcount of 213,000 was up a little more than 1,000, and this quarter, we saw the departure of 
roughly 2,000 summer interns, and we welcomed roughly 2,500 college graduates from the nearly 120,000 
applications received. Regarding a forward view, in Q4, we don't expect much change in our headcount. And 
with continued investments, we expect expense to be in line with Q3 at $16.5 billion. As we look into 2025, 
with an expected return of NII growth and through our expense discipline, we expect a return to operating 
leverage and improvement in our efficiency ratio.

Let's turn to credit on Slide 11. And the good news is there's not a lot to report here compared to the 
second quarter. Net charge-offs of $1.5 billion were flat compared to Q2. We've seen consumer losses in a 
pretty tight range for a few quarters now. Outside of that, we saw lower losses from office exposure. And 
otherwise, we had two somewhat unrelated commercial losses. The net charge-off ratio was 58 basis 
points, down 1 basis point from Q2. Provision expense was unchanged from Q2 at $1.5 billion as reserve 
levels remain constant. And with regard to reserve levels on a weighted basis, we remain reserved for an 
unemployment rate of 5% by the end of 2025 compared to the most recent 4.1% rate reported.

On Slide 12, we highlight the credit quality metrics for both our consumer and commercial portfolios. And 
there's nothing really noteworthy to highlight on this page.

So let's move to the various lines of business and some brief comments on their results starting on Slide 13 
with Consumer Banking. Consumer Banking continues to lead the company in organic growth, and this 
included another strong quarter of net new checking growth, another strong period of card openings and 
investment balances for consumer clients, which climbed 28% year-over-year to a record $497 billion. It 
also included 12 months of strong flows at $29 billion in addition to market appreciation. As noted earlier, 
loans grew nicely year-over-year from credit card and vehicle as well as small business, where we remain 
the industry leader. One highlight to note, our Practice Solutions lending group for doctors and dentists and 
related professionals saw loans grow 11% year-over-year.

All of this organic growth helped to drive $2.7 billion in net income in Q3. So reported earnings remained 
strong, declining 6% year-over-year as revenue declined from lower NII, partially offset by higher card 
income. With the trajectory shifting in NII, we should see earnings in this business begin to shift as well. 
Expense rose 5% as we continued our business investments. And those investments included those in our 
people, including the announcement of moving our minimum wage to $24 per hour, and that raises the 
minimum annualized salary for our associates to nearly $50,000.

As you can see in the appendix, Page 25, digital adoption and engagement continue to improve, and 
customer satisfaction scores remain near record levels, illustrating the appreciation of enhanced capabilities 
from our continuous investments. Bank of America's 23 million Zelle users are up 10% in the past 12 
months and their volume usage is now up more than 20%. Customers are now using Zelle at nearly 3x the

rate they’re writing checks, and Zelle usage has meaningfully surpassed the combination of checks written 
and ATM withdrawals.

Moving to Wealth Management on Slide 14. We produced good results, reflecting healthy organic growth 
and client activity with increased banking activities of our clients and the impacts of increased market 
levels, together with strong assets under management flows. With a continued increase in banking product 
usage from our investing clients, the diversity of our revenue base continues to improve. More than 60% of 
our wealth clients now have banking products with us, and 30% of our revenue is now in net interest income 
to complement the fees earned in our advice model. Net income rose from the third quarter '23 to $1.1 
billion this year. In Q3, we reported revenue of nearly $5.8 billion, growing 8% over the prior year, led by 
14% growth in asset management fees that Brian highlighted it earlier.

Expense growth reflects the fee growth and other investments for our future growth as we continue to 
grow our advisor force through hiring of both experienced advisors and graduates from our training 
program. We welcomed 5,500 Merrill and Private Bank net new households this quarter, and more than 1/3 
of those Merrill openings were driven by graduates from our training program. The business had a 25% 
margin and generated a strong return on capital of 23%. Average loans were up 3% year-over-year, driven 
by growth in custom lending and a pickup in more lending.

Both Merrill and the Private Bank continued to see healthy organic growth, producing strong assets under 
management flows of $65 billion year-over-year, which reflects a good mix of new client money as well as 
existing clients putting money to work. We should also highlight the continued digital momentum that you'll 
find on Slide 27. As an example, 3/4 of Merrill Bank and investment accounts were opened digitally this 
quarter.

On Slide 15, you see Global Banking results. This business produced earnings of $1.9 billion, down 26% 
year-over-year, as improved investment banking fees and treasury services revenue were overcome by lower 
net interest income and higher provision expense. Revenue declined 6%, driven by the impact of interest 
rates and deposit rotation. In our Global Treasury Services business, fees for managing the cash of clients 
continue to offset some of the NII pressure from higher rates.

Investment banking had a strong quarter, growing fees 18% year-over-year to $1.4 billion, led by debt 
capital markets fees, mostly in leveraged finance and investment grade. We finished the quarter strong, 
maintaining our #3 investment banking fee position. What began as a slow quarter this summer, gained 
some momentum through September, and the pipeline looking forward looks solid.

An increase in provision expense from last year was driven by the previously noted commercial and CRE 
losses. Expense increased 7% year-over-year, including continued investments in the business, particularly 
around technology.

Switching to Global Markets on Slide 16. I'll focus comments on results excluding DVA as we normally do. 
And the team continued their impressive streak of strong revenue and earnings performance, they achieved 
operating leverage and continued to deliver good return on capital. Earnings of $1.6 billion grew 23% year-
over-year, and return on average allocated capital was 14%. Revenue, again, ex DVA, improved 14% from 
the third quarter of last year as both sales & trading and investment banking fees for institutional clients 
improved nicely year-over-year. Focusing on sales & trading, ex DVA revenue improved 12% year-over-year 
to $4.9 billion. FICC increased 8%, while equities increased 18% compared to the third quarter of '23. FICC 
revenues remained strong, growing over both the prior year and the second quarter, driven by momentum in 
currencies trading. Equities had a record third quarter driven by strong trading performance in derivatives 
and cash. Year-over-year expenses were up 6% on revenue improvement and our continued investment in 
the business.

Finally, on Slide 17. All Other shows a loss of $295 million. Revenue was lower and included a charge to 
other income of roughly $200 million related to Visa's increase in its litigation escrow account. The decline 
in expense was driven by reduced cost of a liquidating business and lower legal expense. Our effective tax

rate for the quarter was 6%, and excluding discrete items and the tax credits related to investments in 
renewable energy and affordable housing, the effective tax rate would have been approximately 24%.

So that's where I'll stop. And with that, we will open it up for Q&A.

Operator 
[Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Jim Mitchell of Seaport Global.

Jim Mitchell 
I guess I'll ask the NII question, Alastair. You talked about still feel comfortable troughing in the second 
quarter; poised to grow. So can you maybe give us a little bit more on -- based on the forward curve, any 
kind of rough thinking on how the trajectory from here beyond 4Q? And what kind of growth you may be 
thinking about in '25? Just any kind of bigger than a bread box conversation would be helpful.

Alastair Borthwick 
I think if we went back to 3 quarters ago, we sort of saw this trough appearing in the second quarter. And 
we felt like as the deposits were beginning to find a floor, we'd be in a position where we could begin to see 
NII grow. So obviously, that happened in Q3. And at this point, we feel like we're in a good position to do 
that again in Q4. We'll provide guidance, I think, for 2025 when we get back together again a quarter from 
now. Part of the reason we try not to do it 15 months in advance is because an awful lot moves with the 
rate curve. Remember, this year, at one point, we had 6 cuts, another point, we had 1 cut. And even this past 
quarter, I think the market was surprised with an extra cut. What we're focused on then is just driving the 
underlying organic growth.

So deposit growth, we're getting to a point that we've had 5 quarters in a row. Global Banking is back to 
normal seasonality. Wealth is flattening out and Consumer is slowing and is in a place now where we think 
we're pretty close to finding that floor. So deposits in a good place. The rotation is slowing. We got a little 
pickup in loan growth this past quarter. That's good. We've got the fixed-rate asset repricing over time from 
which we'll benefit, and we've got some cash flow swaps resetting as well. So look, we're in a position 
where we're -- we believe we're going to grow NII again in the fourth quarter. That's going to set us up, I 
think, quite well in terms of 2025. And importantly, we've acted fast with that first couple of rate cuts. So 
we feel like we put ourselves in a good position to grow from here.

Jim Mitchell 
Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just a follow-up on the deposit question. You guys had really strong growth 
in net new checking accounts, but Consumer deposits still shrinking a little bit. Do you see any change in 
behavior since the rate cuts? Or how are you thinking about Consumer deposit growth and Wealth too? I 
guess we're seeing commercial growth, but sort of those other pieces on the retail side that have yet to sort 
of inflect. How are you thinking about that?

Brian Moynihan 
If you look across the last several weeks, the Wealth Management has basically been flat at that $280-odd 
billion level, Jim. And the Consumer business it bounces around, it will move $10 billion on a pay day to give 
you a sense. But basically, the major moves are over; now we're bouncing around $935 to $940 billion on a 
given day. Importantly, the noninterest-bearing piece -- going back to your generation new checking 
accounts seems to be stable. Much of the movement in the Consumer business at large has been for more 
interest rate-sensitive clients with higher balances, having moved and you're seeing that also slow. So we 
feel good about the stability of consumer at this point. And we can -- the deposits -- new accounts we're 
putting on today are the future of the franchise, and that's what we keep building towards. So we're

One thing I’ll point out, Jim, just as you think about it, remember that we're sitting -- the Consumer we went 
for basically $750 billion in balances to the $940 level now, which is a significant difference in the earnings 
power of that business.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy of RBC. We'll move next to Betsy Graseck of Morgan 
Stanley.

Betsy Graseck 
Just to follow up on this last thread of questions. Two things, one, the deposits. How much do you feel that 
the rate environment has impacted you in terms of the deposit growth that you've generated here and the 
degree of shrinkage rate that you've seen in some of the businesses? Is it rate driven, do you think?

Brian Moynihan 
I guess, Betsy, at the end of the day, you remember that we've grown deposits for 4 straight quarters. What 
is rate driven is at the margin, consumer customers that have $300,000, $500,000 have moved -- have less 
in their deposit counts, honestly, than pre-pandemic when the aggregate holes up, so think about that -- the 
constant customers that have been with us since then. And so the movement now is just bumping around 
based on seasonal flows of people paying taxes and people having spent money in the summer and paying 
down the bills from that and things like that. So we feel there's stability on the Consumer side, stability on 
the Wealth Management side, including the movement of the higher-end balances in the market. And a lot 
of that pricing on both of those businesses adjusts automatically given the rate cut. And then on 
commercial balances, that's just evidence of the buildup of cash and corporate balance sheets and the 
activity levels of those customers. So we feel good across the board and basically for several quarters in a 
row, we continue to grow the balances. The rate impacts really the higher end balances because remember, 
noninterest-bearing in the Consumer in low-interest cost checking is driving a lot of the value and is a 
stable balance.

Betsy Graseck 
Right. And I know last quarter, we were talking a lot about the sweeps and that whole pricing dynamic. 
Anything this quarter to say about that reflecting on how you indicated in the slide. You're at 3.13%, it came 
down 1 basis point. I mean it's like de minimis, right? So just the underlying question here is, are we past 
this whole sweep thing?

Brian Moynihan 
We've fully affected that through our customer base, if that's a question.

Betsy Graseck 
Okay. And then the other question I had just was on the Global Banking. Alastair, you mentioned that 
corporate loan demand picked up late in the quarter. Maybe you could give us some color on what's driving 
that? Is that mainly a function of the M&A picking up and the legs that you see to that demand would be 
really helpful to understand.

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. So look, we've obviously seen pretty modest loan growth over the course of the past year, and it's 
modest loan growth that we've put in our forward NII guidance. But we were pleased to see a little bit more 
loan growth at the end of the quarter there. That's why you see the balances up a little more end of period 
than perhaps the prior quarter. And the last 2 quarters have been better than the previous quarter. So I don't 
know if that's early to call it a streak, but we're obviously pleased to see it. It's been pretty consistent across 
our small business, our business banking, our commercial banking clients, and I’d say we’re not really seeing 
revolver utilization picking up yet – probably too early for that. Rates haven’t come down that much, or

hadn’t come down until really late in the quarter. So that potentially is a place for some upside in loan 
growth over time, but we haven’t put that in our guidance at this stage.

Operator 
[Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from Glenn Schorr of Evercore.

Glenn Schorr 
Hi. Thank you. One quickie follow-up on the NII front. I'm just curious, current duration of the securities 
portfolio and maybe a fixed and floating mix split, and how you're thinking about that short duration as the 
forward curve starts to play out?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. So not a great deal of change, Glenn, for us in terms of the securities portfolio from what we said 
before. Obviously, the hold-to-maturity continues to run off. I think it's now 13 quarters in a row, another $9 
billion or so this quarter, which allows us to reinvest at higher yields. So that remains basically our first 
thought with respect to the investment strategy is just allow that to continue rolling down. And we're going 
to continue to prioritize supporting loan growth for our clients. And you can sort of see that HTM runoff 
over time funding the loans growth that we've had over time. Then whatever is left over from deposits 
growing, we're normally putting into cash and cash equivalents, or we're paying down expensive short-term 
liabilities. So if you look, you'd see that we've allowed about $15 billion or so of institutional CDs to roll off 
this quarter. And at the margin, we're taking a little bit of 1- to 3-year fixed rate, maybe $10 billion to $20 
billion in the last couple of quarters. But remember, we're trying to balance capital, liquidity, earnings, and 
it's less about a rate view and it's more about just how the portfolio composition is changing over time.

Glenn Schorr 
Yes. Good color. I appreciate it. Wanted to maybe get a little bit more color -- in the opening remarks, you 
mentioned the tenth straight quarter of quarter-on-quarter improvements in markets revenue. It's clear you 
could see. Can you remind us exactly where you've been investing the lion's share of both people and 
balance sheet and is that an ongoing process that we can -- obviously, we can't get a core every single 
quarter. But meaning, is this an ongoing capital effort to continue to boost results across Markets.

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. Well, look, we pointed out before, and I think you see it again in our results this quarter. If you look at 
the organic growth highlights on Page 3, you'll see pretty good growth in each of our 4 big segments. 
Markets is no different in that regard relative to the other 3 in that we continue to invest in that business. I 
wouldn't pick out any particular area in fixed income or equities for people investments. I think as Jimmy 
DeMare has highlighted, it's about for us filling gaps with existing clients and making sure we're there for 
them over time. So we've added people across the various businesses. And then with respect to balance 
sheet, it's a little bit of RWAs. As Brian highlighted, it's a little bit of liquidity, allowing us to support the 
financing businesses. And I'd say we're benefiting from the fact that we've got a leading sales and trading 
franchise in each of the major elements of fixed income and equities that allows us to capture the benefits 
of having a diversified business with an organic growth strategy.

Brian Moynihan 
I think Glenn, it's -- you've been following our company for a long time, and it's been 5, 6, 7 years when we 
started saying our position was set in the business that we could start to grow, keeping it balanced to the 
overall company. So at $800 billion to $900 billion of balance sheet in the market every day in the security 
with Jim and the team, they do a great job turning it over, managing the risk well of ours. Well managed, you 
can see the no trading losses for many, many quarters in a row or 1 maybe. And so the way they're running 
it, it’s a long-term investment in this business. It requires investment around data, controls, measurement, 
financial reports, nonfinancial reports, trade reports -- billions of trades a day reported. So it's a business 
where we think we have a very good position because of talent, and the team does a good job, but it's not

something we decided to do yesterday, it's about a long-term build that we've been building and growing 
and keeping a balance in the rest of the company, so -- and it continues to do good.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.

Matt O’Connor 
I was wondering if you could talk about the outlook for share buybacks. You did $3.5 million this quarter, 
obviously, generated a lot of capital, had excess capital and sort of the outlook for loan growth is for some, 
but not a ton, so.

Alastair Borthwick 
No change to the capital strategy. Obviously, what's become very clear over the course of the past year is 
we've got the capital. So we built the capital over time to make sure that we were in a good position for 
Basel III final as originally proposed if it were put together today. And we have the time to build more over 
time because after dividend, you're talking about 30 basis points of capital generation every quarter. So 
we're waiting at this point to see the final rules as they come out. That's going to allow us to give you a 
much more precise answer over time.

And the waterfall of priority remains exactly the same. It's number one, we got to support the clients. You 
saw that last quarter with the loan growth. That's always going to be our priority to support the clients, 
invest in the future of the business. Number two, we want to maintain and grow the dividend over time. 
We've added another 8% to the dividend this quarter, and we want to make sure that we're in a great place 
to hurdle the regulatory minimum. So we feel good there. And then number three, we'll use what's left to 
return it to you, the shareholder. This quarter, that's another $3.5 billion. That's on top of the $3.5 billion 
last quarter. So we're in a good position, I think, to support the future growth of the company and to 
continue to buy back shares over time.

Matt O’Connor 
Okay. And then just a different topic. You guys have talked about this concept of the normalized net interest 
margin of about 2.3%, looking out a couple or a few years. Any updates on the timing of that? And then I 
think a lot of that is being driven by the fixed-rate asset repricing. But how the lower rates impact it? Can 
you reach that level with the current forward curve, for example?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. Well, look, the most important thing is we've got to get back to growing NII, and we've been saying that 
now for 3 quarters believing that Q2 would be the trough. So we demonstrated the growth this quarter. 
We're in a good position to do it again next quarter. And we're on the path. We're poised to improve with NII 
from here. It's a grind every quarter. We've got to continue to grow the deposits. We've got to grow the 
loans. We've got to make sure that we think about pricing across the board. You are right to highlight we've 
got some attractive fixed-rate asset repricing over time. We've got some reinvestment over time. And then 
obviously, we have to watch what goes on with the rate curve when there is a surprise like an extra 25 basis 
points that will flow through the entire fourth quarter. It might set us back a few weeks. But we just keep 
doing what we're doing, the organic growth is going to fuel the net interest income growth over time. And 
then, NIY will be an output and NII will remain our focus.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Mike Mayo of Wells Fargo.

Mike Mayo 
I guess I'm asking the same question each quarter, but it's because the efficiency ratio seems to be getting 
worse. So reconciling Slide 4 with Slide 10, once again, Slide 4 is your digital adoption slide, which shows 
75% to 90% adoption in all of your lines of business, and the trends are all getting better. So much more of 
a digital company. And then we look at Slide 10 and your efficiency ratio is 65% versus 64% last quarter

versus 63% a year ago with non-comp expense up this quarter. So when do we get back to those days when 
we count the number of quarters of consecutive positive operating leverage and kind of what's the 
disconnect here?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. Okay. So look, that's what we're focused on is getting back to that operating leverage, Mike. The 
pressure right now is coming largely from incentive comp related to the fee businesses. So think about 
sales and trading up 12%, investment banking up 18%, asset management up 14%. If you look at wealth 
management alone, we're talking about $200 million there just in that segment alone. So that's a good 
investment and it's a good return. And I think if you strip that out, you see we're doing pretty well in an 
inflationary environment. We expect good fees from here. We expect the good expense that comes with 
that. And then it's about managing the rest. It's about operational excellence. It's about the digital. And as 
the NII shines through, together with the fees. And as the credit costs continue to normalize, we think we're 
in a good position to deliver operating leverage again. So we're looking forward to getting back to that 
period, and it's just about grinding out NII growth at this point.

Mike Mayo 
And when do you think the NII shining through will help that inflection? Is this a fourth quarter event? Is it 
next year? Can you give us a sneak preview for next year on what you're thinking just because it's been a 
little bit of a slog, admittedly, with the headwind from NII.

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. Well, look, I think, again, this is one of those things where we got to see the deposits turnaround in all 
of the businesses, and we got to make sure that we've got the NII trajectory. We kind of feel like that's 
going to be a 2025 operating leverage question, and we'll be able to update you, I think, with some precision 
as we get into the fourth quarter. Some of that's going to depend on the rate curve. We just -- and we'll play 
it by ear as we go through.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Vivek Juneja of JPMorgan.

Vivek Juneja 
Alastair, I just wanted to go through the waterfall slide you had in the second quarter deck on NII. Obviously, 
you've got the day count, and you've talked about the BSBY hedge benefit coming on. Can you talk through 
the other pieces that you had on that slide as the slide was not this quarter?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. I think if you were to look -- we haven't updated it here because we're trying to get a 6-month forward 
view back at the time, and it was just helpful to do it that way. Now we're just giving the 3 months, we just 
figured we would give you the overall guidance. You're going to see the same component parts, Vivek, as we 
laid out there. So largely speaking, I'd say Q3 laid out the way that we thought it would and Q4 is setting up 
pretty much the same way also. We're going to get some benefit from the BSBY transition feeding back into 
the P&L. We're going to get some benefit from the fixed-rate assets repricing over time. Some of that 
comes from things like mortgage, residential mortgage on our books, some of it comes from CVL. Some will 
come from HTM securities rolling off and reinvestment, and we'll get some benefit from cash flow swaps. 
So that remains something that's sort of underlying all of the quarters going forward. And then the 
remaining piece is the part that we work so hard on. It's the growing deposits, growing loans, it’s the 
organic growth showing going forward and coming through in the numbers versus what happens with the 
rate curve. So I think as we get together in Q4, we'll probably give you a pretty good sense for what that 
looks like as it goes through 2025.

Vivek Juneja 
And Alastair, what about the 2 pieces? So you have had $225 million negative impact from rate cuts, 
obviously, more there and then you have the Global Markets NII. Any color on those two components?

Alastair Borthwick 
I'd say on the rate cuts, if you were to go back to when we provided Q3 guidance, at the time we said one 
cut in September, one in October, one in November. And as it turns out, we all know that there were two 
cuts in September. That extra cut flows all the way through the fourth quarter. It's not just 2 weeks in the 
quarter or 6 weeks; it’s the full quarter. So that's an additional headwind, if you like. So that obviously hurts 
overall. Global Markets is liability sensitive, and they've continued to grow their loans. So I think if the rate 
cuts hurt us a little bit more than that original waterfall, you get a little bit of that back in Global Markets 
NII. So that probably answers those two elements.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Sharon Leung of Wolfe Research.

Sharon Leung 
I am calling in for Steven Chubak. Just on the security side, I know last quarter, you had laid out the repricing 
tailwind of about 300 basis points on securities, a little bit less on the loan side. Can you just give us an 
update on what those figures fit today?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. I'd say I just use probably $250 million on the securities, probably $250 million on the mortgages, 
probably $100 million on the CVL, that probably gets you in the right ballpark, Sharon.

Sharon Leung 
Perfect. And then just another quick follow-up on the securities portfolio. I know you guys are seeing some 
repricing tailwinds there, but have you ever given any thought on like doing a bigger repositioning action, 
just because the market seems to be responding favorably to some similar actions of some of your peers?

Alastair Borthwick 
Well at this stage, we don't see any need for that. Remember, most of our securities in the available for sale, 
we've got those held at this point in treasury swap to floating. And we feel like if you look at the NII 
sensitivity of the company over time, it's come down with the composition of our portfolio. So we feel like 
we're in a good position at this point to grow NII, grow earnings and we obviously start with a very good 
base of liquidity and capital. So no plans to reposition any at this point.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Erika Najarian of UBS.

Erika Najarian 
I appreciate that you want to wait until January, Alastair, to give us NII update, given how much is changing 
or how much has been changing in the curve. So maybe I'm going to ask this this way. You've talked about 
hedges in the past in terms of the sensitivity of your floating-rate loans, specifically in commercial. As we 
think about forecasting for whatever rate curve turns out and you think about your floating-rate loans ex. 
card, should we assume a similar sensitivity on the way down as on the way up, excluding BSBY or will the 
hedges essentially give you some floor in that your sensitivity to repricing going forward, again ex. BSBY, is 
not as significant as it was on the way up.

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. So I think it's okay to start with the same sensitivity on the way down is up because the company is, 
largely speaking, positioned in the same way. At the same time, you put your finger on it, we are going to 
benefit from repricing over time. And we mentioned last quarter, and we've talked about already on this call,

the fact that we've got the various securities and the various new originations that replace those loans that 
are maturing. So that remains the case. And then we've got some cash flow swaps, a number of them are 
pointed against the commercial. And as we -- particularly as we get into the third quarter and fourth quarter 
of '25, you'll see a benefit in commercial yields there because those ones are at lower rates, and they will be 
repriced in Q3 and Q4. So a little bit of cushion there. That's one of the reasons that as we look forward into 
NII, we can sort of see how this repricing that's taking place -- remember, we're coming off of a period now 
with a long period, 15 years, of a very, very low set of yields. And we're coming back now to something 
where you can really see the full value of our deposit base. And it takes a while. It's quarter by quarter. We 
just got to let it develop over time.

Erika Najarian 
And my follow-up question is, clearly, you have one of the best views on deposit behavior in the U.S. And it's 
been so long since we've seen a neutral rate that's not 0. So I guess a two-part question. The first is, should 
we similarly assume the same ability to recapture on deposit repricing on the way down as it was on the 
way up in terms of the same deposit beta? And as we think about 2025, it may have better loan growth, 
where do you think if we -- if our neutral rate is 2.75%, 3.00%; where does Bank of America's natural 
deposit costs fall relative to that?

Brian Moynihan 
Erika, I think much discussion over the last couple of years about betas and everything. But if you look, we 
sort of stand at the end of the third quarter, the difference between Fed funds and the total interest-
bearing cost of our deposits is around 250 -- almost 260 basis points. If you think -- if you look at quarter 2 
in '19, when the Fed funds hit the highest rate in the last cycle, that difference was 160 basis points, 170 
basis points. So there's a fun -- what you're pointing out, leave aside betas and everything else; there's a 
fundamental difference of 100 basis points in spread against the interest-bearing side, and we take the 
noninterest-bearing piece that obviously has a bigger impact. So this will settle in, but you are right for the -
- and you've been around this industry for a long time. So if you go back and think about when the Fed's 
funds rate was sustained in the 2.75, 3.00, 3.25 level, this industry was able to make more money due to the 
extra value of -- relative to the last 15 years -- of the noninterest-bearing deposits in the consumer 
businesses and the small business business and the corporate business and the commercial business and 
wealth management business. So we feel good about positioning. We feel good about our deposit makeup, 
which is driven by core operating activity, the primary household in the consumer side and the operating 
accounts in the businesses, the small businesses and even the wealth management. So you should see -- 
you will see more value, I'm confident, and that's what we're looking forward to as the rate structure settles 
in. And so the key to your point, is not the path of '25 of whether the cuts come in one quarter or another 
quarter. The key that I think is different is the blue-chip economists, your economists, I'm sure, and our 
economists they all predict that we'll end up with a terminal rate at a 3.00% level as opposed to the past 
cycles where we didn't ever get there and rates were starting to be cut at the end of ‘19.

Operator 
And we'll take a follow-up question from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.

Gerard Cassidy 
I apologize for missing that earlier queue. Alastair, you touched on the Basel in one of your comments 
regarding how you're in a good position from your capital standpoint from the original proposal. Can you 
give us any color on what you guys have seen from that presentation that Vice Chair Barr gave earlier 
quarter, what your views are, where you might come in. I think they said there was an average increase of 
capital for the group of about 9% and how you might stack up against that?

Brian Moynihan 
Yes. I'm not sure we have enough detail, Gerard, to give you a specific at this point. When the reproposal 
comes out, what we're told is it will not only be about it repropose the whole entire picture, including the

changes outlined in Vice Chair Barr’s speech, but you could take it for granted that, that was more favorable 
than the original proposal. So therefore, we'll benefit from it. And once we see something that's a little 
more detail, we might be able to give you a better estimate, but it's favorable to us.

Brian Moynihan 
In the end of the day, we have excess capital based on the estimates of the old one. So yes, it would at the 
margin. But remember that at the end of the day, Gerard, we are sending capital back to shareholders 
because of the fact that the franchise generates activity without using a ton of capital and grows its loans, 
its deposits, the earnings, et cetera. So we will continue to be discipline with the capital and the capital 
return, and we'll continue to return more of it if more is available. We're sitting with a fair amount of excess 
over the current set of rules. And if a new set of rules are more favorable than the original proposal, that 
would set us up better, no question.

Gerard Cassidy 
Great. And then just as a follow-up, you guys have been building out your obviously branch banking system 
throughout the country in markets in which you don't have a big presence. Can you just give us an update on 
how that is progressing? And what are you seeing that makes you -- because you've got great consumer 
numbers; you’ve got great read on your customers. What really makes you guys excited that this is really the 
way to go, a combination of the digital and these branches?

Brian Moynihan 
I think if we look at markets, we just celebrated the 10 years in Denver from the first opening, which is the 
first -- among the first 5 markets we went after. And -- so if you look at this market -- as I always look at 
the FDIC data and you kind of look at the last couple of years, it's kind of chopped up because of the 
stimulus and everything, but you see continued progress by us in all these markets, moving from nowhere to 
into the tenth and seventh and eighth, and we keep building that out. What that does is, we believe in high 
touch, high tech across all individuals, and even small businesses and even a little bit in the middle market. 
And what we mean by that is for even wealthy customers, there are times when they need to utilize a 
branch. And if you have no branch in Denver or Columbus or Indianapolis or Minneapolis or et cetera, it's a 
little hard for them to get the full experience. So we've done that. Now as we think about it, we had extreme 
discipline. We're going after this to build out markets to a level we feel comfortable that we have the 
market covered. And so instead of putting one in every place, we're trying to build out a network in a place 
like Columbus, where I think we have 15, 20 branches now. And that allows us to build the business. We 
already have a major Merrill presence there. We already had commercial banking presence there. This allows 
us to build it underneath it. And so that's why you're seeing our deposits in those branches push past $100 
million per branch, which is much different than we see and others doing it because of the density and the 
capacity and the digital and the prior customer base for lack a better term that we now can get more from. 
So the team is doing a good job. We expect you have to go down those paths. But at the end of the day, 
we're trying to get coverage in the top markets across the country so that we cover the American 
population in an efficient and effective way. And it's -- the truth of the matter is -- even though we're 54% 
sales across all the businesses -- in Consumer, all different types of products -- a lot of the checking sales 
are only digital about in 30s (%) as opposed to the 50s, which means people still like to walk in a branch and 
start a relationship, and that's why we're there.

Operator 
And this does conclude today's Q&A. I would like to return the call to Brian Moynihan for closing comments.

Brian Moynihan 
I thank all of you for joining us. We operated well in the quarter, delivering $6.9 billion of earnings after tax, 
$0.81 a share. As we told you, we continue to see good health in asset quality overall and good spending 
behavior by the consumers, consistent with a solid economy. We told you a couple of things in the past that 
NII would hit an inflection point in the second quarter. It's done that. We told you that we’d continue to see 
the ability to drive operating leverage in the future. Now we can see it as NII starts to pick up, and that will 
drive the efficiency ratio and operating leverage. We continue to grow organically across the board, and we 
continued return of capital to you, as we did $3.5 billion this quarter. So thank you, and look forward to 
talking next quarter.

Operator 
This does conclude today's Bank of America earnings announcement. You may now disconnect your lines, 
and everyone, have a great day.

Disclaimer 
Certain statements contained in this document constitute “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current beliefs 
and  expectations,  are  not  guarantees  of  future  results  or  performance  and  involve  certain  known  and  unknown 
uncertainties  and assumptions  that are  difficult  to  predict  and are  often  beyond  the  control  of Bank  of  America. 
Actual  outcomes  and  results  may  differ  materially  from  those  expressed  in,  or  implied  by,  forward-looking 
statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the risks and 
uncertainties discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) filings, available on the Bank of America and SEC websites.
</Bank of America PPT>

<Bank of America PPT>
Lee McEntire 
Good morning. Thank you. Welcome. Thank you for coming to the call to discuss our fourth quarter results. 
Our earnings release documents are available on the Investor Relations section of the bankofamerica.com 
website and they include the earnings presentation that we'll make reference to during this call. I hope 
everyone had a chance to review the documents.

Our CEO, Brian Moynihan, will make some opening comments before Alastair Borthwick, our CFO, discusses 
the details of the quarter.

Let me just remind you before we start that we may make forward-looking statements and refer to non-
GAAP financial measures during the call. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current 
expectations and the assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause our 
actual results to materially differ from expectations are detailed in the earnings materials and the SEC 
filings available on our website. Information about our non-GAAP financial measures including 
reconciliations to U.S. GAAP, can also be found in our earnings materials that are available on the website.

So with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Brian.

Brian Moynihan 
So good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we begin today, I just want to express our 
deep concern for our communities, clients, and teammates impacted by the California wildfires. Our top 
priority, of course, is ensuring the safety and welfare of our team and helping our clients and customers. 
Our imperturbable Market President, Raul Anaya, is leading our team out there. We have teams on the 
ground assisting in any way we can and are monitoring the situation to extend support and resources. So 
far, we have activated our client assistance program, donated $1 million in disaster relief to the American 
Red Cross, additional contributions to the L.A. Food Bank and the L.A. Chamber Commerce small business 
efforts.

With that, let's turn to earnings, starting on Page 2 of the presentation. This morning, we reported $6.7 
billion in net income. That is $0.82 in EPS for the fourth quarter. That was a solid finish to another good

year at Bank of America. We grew revenue on a year-over-year basis in every category in quarter 4. We saw 
good loan and deposit growth. And Alastair is going to walk you through some of the details of the quarter 
in a moment, but I want to thank our team for another great year.

For the full year of 2024, we generated $102 billion of revenue and reported net income of $27 billion -- 
$27.1 billion, or EPS of $3.21. We produced 83 basis points return on assets and 13% return on tangible 
common equity. We generated these results working from a strong balance sheet that allowed us to support 
clients in an economy that’s continued to grow. It kind of appears to be now settled into a 2% to 3% GDP 
type growth environment. It has healthy employment levels in the resilient consumer.

The emacity of the American consumer can be seen in our data. So far in the first 2 weeks in January, 
they’re spending money at 4% to 5% clip over last year, similar to what they did in the fourth quarter. And 
on our business side, the clients are profitable, they're liquid and seeing good productivity. We ended the 
year with $953 billion of liquidity. We also ended with $201 billion of regulatory CET1 capital and a CET1 
ratio of 11.9%, leaving us nearly 115 basis points of excess capital as we begin 2025.

For Bank of America, the year was characterized by a few important highlights that played out as expected 
and were consistent with our communications to you throughout the year.

First, we saw net interest income bottom out at $13.9 billion on an FTE basis in the second quarter of 2024. 
We ended the year with the fourth quarter on the same FTE basis at $14.5 billion, and that was a bit better 
than we expected. This obviously provides a great starting point for 2025. And based on the assumptions 
Alastair is going to discuss a little later, we should report record NII in 2025. So how did we do that?

We drove organic growth in all the businesses, and that we have highlighted on Slide 3. We saw continued 
growth in net new checking new households, new companies in Commercial Banking, growth in our 
institutional markets business. This organic activity enabled us to grow loans and deposits at a pace we 
believe is to be ahead of our industry average and our peers. A key for us, obviously, is the growth in our 
deposit franchise.

If you look at Slide 4, you can see we've now grown deposits for 6 consecutive quarters. In the most recent 
quarter, we saw growth in Consumer balances and stability around noninterest-bearing balances across all 
the businesses. We continue to price in a disciplined manner, and rates paid moved lower this quarter across 
the board. Overall rate paid on deposits moved from 210 basis points in the third quarter to 194 basis 
points this quarter, and were lower -- in the fourth quarter were lower in every business segment.

On the loan side, consumer loans grew in every category linked quarter. Commercial loan demand continued 
to build off the strengths we saw in third quarter of 2024, and commercial loans grew 5% year-over-year 
for the fourth quarter and a much faster annualized pace when comparing the third quarter to the fourth 
quarter of 2024.

So back to Slide 3. In our Wealth Management business, we added 24,000 new households in 2024. We 
ended the year with $6 trillion in total client balances that we manage for people in America across our 
Global Wealth and Consumer businesses. Our consumer investments team, what we call Merrill Edge, 
crossed a new milestone this quarter and now sits in excess of $518 billion in balances. Investment Banking 
gained share of industry revenue in 2024. Our sales and trading team put up the 11th straight quarter of 
year-over-year revenue growth and achieved a new full year record of nearly $19 billion in revenue.

Asset quality stabilized and remained strong with net charge-offs declining modestly from third quarter. 
Earlier in the year, we highlighted that our expectation on consumer credit is that they would stabilize to 
normal level. And on commercial office losses, they would trend down during the year. We saw both those 
trends continue in the quarter 4.

On the expense side, we continue to invest in our franchise. And even though spending increases in brand, 
people, and technology and strong fee growth, which drove incentive and transaction processing costs 
higher. We managed to create operating leverage in the fourth quarter. Our digitalization and engagement

expanded across all our businesses. We saw more than 14 billion logins to our digital platforms in 2024. Our 
Erica capability surpassed 2.5 billion interactions from its inception, and our CashPro app surpassed $1 
trillion in payments made through the app in 2024.

It's also worth noting that digital sales in our consumer product areas crossed 60% in the fourth quarter 
again. You can see all these trends in our industry-leading digital disclosure on Slides 26, 28 and 30 in the 
appendix. All of the success and balance sheet strength allowed us to deliver more capital back to our 
shareholders. We returned $21 billion of capital to shareholders in 2024, which was 75% more than 2023 
and included an 8% increase in the common dividend.

So in summary, for both the fourth quarter and for the year, we enjoyed good profitability. We drove healthy 
returns. We saw good organic client activity across all the businesses. We continue to manage the risk well 
and increase the capital delivered back to our shareholders. And we positioned ourselves well for growth in 
2025. I want to again thank my team for continuing to drive another year of Responsible Growth.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Alastair.

Alastair Borthwick 
Thank you, Brian. And I'm going to start on Slide 5 of the earnings presentation because it will provide just a 
little more context on the quarter.

For the fourth quarter, as Brian noted, we reported $6.7 billion in net income, or $0.82 per share. And before 
we talk about comparisons between periods, I just need to remind you that our fourth quarter 2023 GAAP 
net income number included two notable items.

In the fourth quarter of '23, first, we recorded $2.1 billion of pretax expense for the special assessment by 
the FDIC to the industry to recover losses from the failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, and 
that reduced EPS last year by $0.20.

Second, we recorded a negative pretax impact to our market-making revenue of approximately $1.6 billion 
related to the cessation of BSBY as an alternative rate, and that reduced earnings per share last year by 
$0.15. So when you adjust for the large FDIC assessment and the BSBY cessation charge, fourth quarter ‘23 
net income was $5.9 billion or $0.70 per share.

On Slide 6, we note some of the highlights of the quarter. And we reported revenue of $25.5 billion on a 
fully taxable-equivalent basis, up 15% from the fourth quarter of '23. And if you exclude the fourth quarter 
'23 BSBY cessation charge, our revenues grew 8% year-over-year. As Brian said, all the revenue items are 
showing improvement year-over-year. NII grew 3%; investment banking grew 44%. This quarter, our $4 
billion of sales and trading revenue marked a fourth quarter record, and it grew 10% from the year ago 
period. And investment and brokerage fees rose 21%, with both assets under management flows and 
market levels contributing nicely to the growth. Our card income and service charges grew 7%.

Noninterest expense was $16.8 billion and was up when adjusted for the FDIC special assessment, driven by 
incentives paid for the strong revenue growth, as Brian noted, and the related activity cost that comes with 
that. Expense also included additional investments in people, technology, and brand with some major 
partnerships announced recently. And it included what we expect to be the peak in quarterly costs 
associated with enhancing our compliance costs and controls.

The good news is we created operating leverage in the quarter. Provision expense for the quarter was $1.5 
billion and was consistent with the previous two quarters. And lastly, returns in the fourth quarter were 80 
basis points of ROA and 13% return on tangible common equity.

Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 7. We ended the quarter at 3.6 -- sorry, $3.26 trillion of total assets, 
down $63 billion from the third quarter, driven by seasonally lower levels of client activity in Global Markets, 
while loans across the businesses grew $20 billion in the quarter. Otherwise, in the quarter, the investments 
of our excess liquidity saw a $9 billion reduction in hold-to-maturity securities, and at the same time, the

combination of shorter-term liquidity investments of cash and available-for-sale securities increased $28 
billion.

On the funding side, total deposits grew $35 billion, on an ending basis, as both interest-bearing and 
noninterest-bearing grew. Long-term debt fell $14 billion, driven by net redemptions and valuations, and 
Global Markets funding declined in line with assets. Liquidity remains strong with $953 billion of Global 
Liquidity Sources. That is up modestly compared to the third quarter even as we paid down some debt and 
retired some preferreds. Shareholders' equity was flat at around $295 billion, and within all of that, we 
returned $5.5 billion of capital back to shareholders, with $2 billion in common dividends paid and the 
repurchase of $3.5 billion in shares this quarter. Tangible book value per share of $26.58 rose 9% from the 
fourth quarter last year.

Turning to regulatory capital. Our CET1 level improved to $201 billion, and the CET1 ratio rose to 11.9%, 
remaining well above our new 10.7% requirement. Risk-weighted assets increased modestly, as increases in 
loans were mostly offset by lower RWA supporting our Global Markets client activity. Our supplementary 
leverage ratio was 5.9%, versus a minimum requirement of 5%, which leaves some capacity for balance 
sheet growth, and our $460 billion of total loss absorbing capital, means our TLAC ratio remains 
comfortably above our requirements.

Let's turn to Slide 8. We can go a little deeper on loans by looking at average balances. And loans in the 
fourth quarter of $1.08 trillion improved 3% year-over-year driven by solid commercial loan growth. Overall, 
commercial loans grew 5% year-over-year. And importantly, this included an 8% drop in commercial real 
estate loans. Commercial loans, excluding commercial real estate, grew 7% year-over-year, and the 
consumer loans grew modestly both linked quarter and year-over-year. As Brian said, on a linked quarter 
basis, every category of consumer lending grew, and you can see that at the bottom of Slide 8.

If we turn our focus to NII performance and use Slide 9. Regarding NII on a GAAP, non-fully taxable 
equivalent basis, NII in Q4 was $14.4 billion. And on a fully taxable equivalent basis, NII was $14.5 billion. 
Several quarters ago, we signaled our expectation that NII would trough in the second quarter of 2024 and 
begin to grow from there. And this represents now our second quarter of NII growth. And we expect that 
growth to continue in 2025. In fact, if you look at the 2 quarters after the inflection point, NII is already 
growing at a 5% rate.

Fourth quarter NII on a fully taxable equivalent basis increased by $399 million from the third quarter, driven 
by a number of factors. First, it was led by improvement in deposits across the businesses. And even as 
deposit balances increased linked quarter, our interest expense on those deposits declined by $600 million. 
Loan growth and fixed-rate asset repricing also benefited us again this quarter.

With regard to a forward view, interest rate expectations continue to drive volatility and predictability, but 
we'll provide some thoughts for future NII. We expect to start the year in the first quarter with NII modestly 
higher than the fourth. Remember that the first quarter has 2 fewer days of interest and that's roughly the 
equivalent of about $250 million of NII equivalent. So even with that, we expect to grow modestly. Then we 
expect that growth to increase through the year to the point where it could be 6% to 7% higher in 2025 
than 2024. We expect to exit the year at least $1 billion higher in the fourth quarter and that would put us in 
a range of $15.5 billion to $15.7 billion on a fully taxable equivalent basis, and that's obviously significantly 
higher than the Q2 '24 trough of $13.9 billion.

I have to note the following assumptions. First, we assume that the current forward curve materializes. And 
while the interest rate curve has changed significantly over a fairly short period of time, as of the 10th of 
January, the curve was expecting only one rate cut in 2025 that may come in May or June.

Based on our more recent growth experienced, we're assuming loan and deposit growth in 2025 that's 
higher than 2024, and more consistent with growth in a 2% to 3% GDP environment. The other elements of 
anticipated growth in NII expected are the benefits of asset repricing as fixed-rate securities and loans and

swaps roll off and those get repriced at higher rates. And those themes all remain consistent with our prior 
conversations with you in the last several earnings calls.

With regard to interest rate sensitivity, on a dynamic deposit basis, we provide a 12-month change in NII for 
an instantaneous shift in the curve, above or below the forward curve. And on that basis, a 100-basis point 
increase would benefit NII by roughly $1 billion, while a decrease of 100 basis points would decrease NII 
over the next 12 months by $2.3 billion.

Lastly, note that our slide showing the trended investment of excess deposits is in our appendix. It's on 
Page 21. Deposit levels grew to $870 billion over loans at the end of Q4, and that's an incredible source of 
value for shareholders. And $649 billion, or 54% of our excess liquidity, is now in short-dated cash and 
available-for-sale securities. The longer-dated, lower-yielding hold-to-maturity book continues to roll off, 
and we continue to reinvest in higher-yielding assets.

Okay. Let's now turn to expense, and we'll use Slide 10 for the discussion. We reported $16.8 billion in 
expense this quarter. And the fourth quarter of '23 included the large FDIC special assessment charge, and 
excluding that, expense increased. The increased expense from prior periods was driven by a number of 
factors and was partially offset by a roughly $300 million release of prior period accruals for the FDIC 
special assessment.

Let's talk about the drivers of the expense. First, in regard to revenue, our markets-related businesses of 
investment banking, investment and brokerage, and sales & trading, those were up 20% year-over-year. 
Incentives for the firm were up 15% versus the fourth quarter of '23 and were in large part related to these 
market-related revenue streams.

On investments that we made, we added bankers and advisers across most of our businesses in 2024, and 
we also increased investments in our brand with significant sponsorships like the Masters and FIFA, to 
name a few. And we increased our investments around technology, as well as financial centers. This quarter 
alone, we added 17 financial centers with 9 of those in our new expansion markets. We're a growth 
company, and we continue to invest in our future.

As far as head count goes, we've managed our head count carefully, and we've held it fairly flat through the 
4 quarters of 2024 at around 213,000 people.

Lastly, we incurred additional costs to accelerate work on compliance and controls. As you likely saw in late 
December, the OCC issued a compliance consent order to Bank of America, and that's a result of exams 
done more than a year ago. This order is about correcting or enhancing certain deficiencies in some aspects 
of our processes that existed at the time. The order doesn't limit any of our growth plans and the order 
acknowledges we began taking corrective before the order was announced. And as a result of the work in 
process, we increased our resources substantially in the second half of 2024, and those costs are already 
embedded in our quarterly run rate.

Okay. Let's go back to expense and how to think about a forward view. First, most importantly, we remain 
focused on growing the company and driving operating leverage. Second, we expect the first quarter to 
include some normal seasonal elevation, and we believe this amount will be roughly $600 million to $700 
million, primarily for payroll tax expense. So we think $17.6 billion is a good number to expect for Q1, before 
seasonally declining in Q2. And that's all part of our expectation that expense should be roughly 2% to 3% 
higher in 2025 compared to 2024.

Let's now move to credit and turn to Slide 11, where you can see net charge-offs of a little less than $1.5 
billion, improving modestly compared to Q3. That's the fourth quarter now that net charge-offs are around 
$1.5 billion. We've seen consumer losses in a pretty stable range of $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion over those 
past few quarters. And on the commercial side, we saw losses of $359 million, which is down from the third 
quarter, driven by the continued decline in commercial real estate office losses. Net charge-off ratio this 
quarter was 54 basis points, down 4 basis points from the third quarter.

We don't see overall net charge-offs or the related ratio changing much in 2025, without much change in 
current GDP or the employment environment, we expect the net charge-off ratio to be in the range of 50 to 
60 basis points of loans for 2025. Q4 provision expense was $90 million lower than Q3 at $1.5 billion as 
reserve levels remain constant. And as it relates to reserve levels, on a weighted basis, we’re reserved for an 
unemployment rate a little below 5% by the end of 2025, and that compares to the most recent 4.1% rate 
reported. On Slide 12, we highlight the credit quality metrics for both consumer and commercial portfolios. 
And there's nothing really noteworthy here that I want to highlight on this page.

So let's move to the various lines of business starting on Slide 13 with Consumer Banking. That business 
made nearly $11 billion or 40% of the company's earnings in 2024. In the fourth quarter, Consumer Banking 
generated $10.6 billion in revenue and $2.8 billion in net income. Both grew modestly from the fourth 
quarter of '23, as fee improvement for card and service charges is now being complemented by the growth 
in NII. Consumer Banking continued to deliver strong organic growth with high-quality accounts and 
engaged clients, and they achieved a new record of client experience scores in December. The organic 
growth activity noted on Slide 3 includes more than 200,000 net new checking accounts, which now takes 
us to 6 years' worth of quarter-after-quarter growth. And we showed another strong period of card 
openings and investment account growth. Investment balances grew 22% to $518 billion with full year 
flows of $25 billion and market improvement throughout the year. Expense rose 8% as we continued 
investments in our business.

The biggest story in Consumer this quarter is deposits, because these are the most valuable deposits in the 
franchise. And in the last 6 months, we believe we've seen the floor begin to form after several periods of 
slowing decline. Consumer Banking deposits appear to have bottomed in mid-August at around $928 billion 
and ended the year at $952 billion on an ending basis. Looking at averages, you can see then the deposits 
grew $4 billion from the third quarter to $942 billion, all while our rate paid declined to 64 basis points. 
Finally, as you can see in the appendix, Page 26, digital adoption and engagement continued to improve and 
customer satisfaction scores rose to record levels, illustrating our clients’ appreciation of enhanced 
capabilities from these investments.

On Slide 14, we move to Wealth Management, where the business had a very profitable year, generating 
$4.2 billion in earnings from nearly $23 billion in revenue. In 2024, our Merrill Lynch and Private Bank 
advisers added another 24,000 net new relationships. And the professionalism of these teams earned them 
numerous best-in-class industry rankings as you can see on Slide 27 in the appendix. With a continued 
increase in banking product usage from our investing clients, the diversity of revenue in the Wealth business 
continues to improve. The number of GWIM clients that now have banking products with us continues to 
grow. And at this point, it represents more than 60% of our clients. Importantly, about 30% of our revenue 
remains in net interest income, which complements the fees earned in our advice model and those have 
also grown. Net income rose 15% from the fourth quarter of '23 to nearly $1.2 billion.

In the fourth quarter, we reported revenue of $6 billion, growing 15% over the prior year and led by 23% 
growth in asset management fees. While expenses were up year-over-year, they grew slower than revenue, 
creating the operating leverage in the business. Business had a 26% pretax margin and generated a strong 
return on capital of 25%. Average loans were up 4%, driven by growth in custom lending, securities-based 
lending, and a pickup in mortgage lending. Deposits grew 2% from the third quarter, and the teams were 
quite disciplined on pricing of those deposits. Both Merrill and the Private Bank continued to see strong 
organic growth. And that helped to produce excellent asset under management flows of $79 billion this 
year, reflecting a good mix of new client money as well as existing clients putting money to work. We also 
want to draw your attention to the continued digital momentum that you'll find on Slide 28. Because, for 
example, 3 quarters of Merrill bank and brokerage accounts were opened digitally this quarter.

Slide 15 shows the Global Banking results and this business generating $8.1 billion or 30% of the company's 
earnings in 2024, and it continues to be the most efficient business in the company at less than 50% 
efficiency ratio. The business saw a nice rebound in investment banking fees in 2024, which we expect to 
continue in 2025.

In Q4, Global Banking produced earnings of $2.1 billion. Pretax pre-provision results were flat year-over-year 
as improved investment banking fees offset lower NII and higher expense. The total earnings were down 
13% year over year, driven by higher provision expense that came as a result of prior period reserve release. 
Investment banking fees were $1.7 billion in Q4, growing 44% year-over-year. This was led by mergers and 
acquisitions. We also saw strength across debt capital markets fees, mostly in leveraged finance, and in 
equity capital markets fees. And we finished the year strong, maintaining our #3 investment banking fee 
position.

The fourth quarter saw strong momentum, as the election results provided a lift to sentiment for a more 
pro-business climate and expectations for more deals to be completed. Expense in this business increased 
6% year-over-year, driven by the 13% growth in noninterest income and continued investments in people 
and technology.

The balance sheet saw good client activity, and it was muted somewhat by the strength of the U.S. dollar. 
Year-over-year flatness in Global Banking loans includes this foreign exchange impact and a $6 billion 
decline in commercial real estate from paydowns. Otherwise, loans in Global Banking were up 2%. Deposits 
have been growing for many quarters now with our commercial and corporate clients. And total Global 
Banking deposits are now up 10% year-over-year, reaching a new record. So we're seeing strong growth 
across all the categories from our corporate and commercial clients all the way from the larger end to 
Business Banking on the lower end. And we also saw a 10% growth in our international deposits.

Turning to Global Markets on Slide 16, I want to focus my comments on results excluding DVA as we 
normally do. Our team continued their impressive streak of strong revenue and earnings performance. They 
achieved operating leverage, and they continue to deliver a good return on capital. For the year, record sales 
and trading results of nearly $19 billion grew 7% from 2023, and they've been growing consistently now on 
a year-over-year basis for almost 3 years. This led to $5.7 billion in full year profits and represents more 
than 20% of the company's full year results.

In the fourth quarter, earnings of $955 million grew 30% year-over-year. Revenue, and again this is ex DVA, 
improved 15% from the fourth quarter of '23, as both Sales & Trading and Investment Banking fees 
improved nicely year-over-year. Focusing on sales and trading ex DVA, revenue improved 10% year-over-
year to $4.1 billion. This is the first time we've recorded more than $4 billion in our Q4 results, and it 
included Q4 records for both FICC and Equities. FICC grew 13%, while equities improved 6% compared to 
the fourth quarter '23. FICC benefited from tighter credit spreads as well as increased volatility in interest 
rates, while equities benefited from increased activity around the U.S. election. Year-over-year expenses 
were up 7% on revenue improvement and our continued investment in the business.

And then on Slide 17, you can see All Other with a loss of $407 million in the fourth quarter. We spoke 
earlier about the fourth quarter '23 charges for BSBY and the FDIC special assessment charge. Their 
reversal impacts the comparisons on revenue, expense, and net income in this segment. Otherwise, there 
really isn't anything significant to report here. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 6%, and excluding 
discrete items and the tax credits related to investments in renewable energy and affordable housing, the 
effective tax rate would have been approximately 26%.

Looking forward, we expect the tax rate for 2025 to be in a range of 11% to 13%. And this just includes our 
expectation for higher expected earnings in 2025 and relatively stable tax credits.

Finally, this quarter, on Page 18, we thought it was important to summarize some of the guidance points we 
talked through this morning, and we hope you'll find this page helpful. So in summary, we're looking for a 
strong growth in NII, and we'll look to both continue important investments in the franchise and drive 
operating leverage as we grow throughout the year. We aren't expecting much movement around credit 
based on a pretty solid economic outlook. And we remain with a very strong balance sheet with excess 
capital that we can deploy to grow the business and deliver back to shareholders as appropriate.

So with that, I'll stop there. I thank everybody, and we'll open it up for Q&A.

Operator 
And we'll take our first question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.

Steven Chubak 
So wanted to start off, Alastair, with maybe unpacking some of the drivers of the NII growth in '25. How 
much of the build that you're guiding to is attributable to loan growth versus some rate or repricing 
tailwinds, runoff of legacy swaps, what have you? And does that acceleration in NII you cited for the second 
half continue into '26 given some of those tailwinds should remain in place beyond '25?

Alastair Borthwick 
Well, first of all, I admire you asking about '26. I'm always reluctant to talk about the back half of '25. So I'll 
leave '26 for another time. But we don't have a whole lot of news, Steven, relative to what we talked about 
in the prior quarters. We're obviously pointing right now to deposit growth in particular because it's 
beginning to get back to something more normal. There was a period there where deposit balances were 
declining as people got back to something more normal in their accounts. But we're highlighting here: 
Consumer found its floor in August, Wealth found its floor in July. And that's giving some support then as we 
grow deposits. That's helping us with the NII growth. So that hasn't changed. It's just that now we've got 
successive quarters of growth that we can actually point to.

The loan growth that you asked about is interesting in that -- there were several quarters there where we 
were bouncing around flattish on loans. In Q2, we added $9 billion of loans. In Q3, we added $19 billion. In 
Q4, we added $20 billion. So the loan growth has picked up a little bit. We can sort of see a little more 
optimism with clients, a little more activity, a little more demand from clients for loan growth.

So those two things, a little more confidence around deposit growth, a little more confidence around loan 
growth, those obviously compound through the course of the year. So that will help us in the back half of 
'25. And then as you pointed out, we're still a beneficiary of the fixed-asset repricing. That comes from 
some of the old loans that are on our books that come off in 2025 and we reprice. And then we've got some 
cash flow swaps that also will mature through the course of the year. So that's what leads us to this idea of 
we think the NII growth will accelerate to 6% to 7% -- for the full year.

So a little bit of it -- a little bit faster in the back half of the year, we kind of just see that, but that's what 
gives us the confidence on NII.

Steven Chubak 
That's great, Alastair. And maybe a follow-up for Brian. Just at a recent conference, you spoke about the 
expectation of delivering 200 bps of sustainable operating leverage, laying out an algorithm where revenues 
grow 4% to 5%, expenses grow 2% to 3%. What gives you confidence in that ability to deliver that level of 
top-line growth on a sustainable basis? Just want to unpack that a little bit further.

Brian Moynihan 
So I think what gives us confidence, we have periods with stable rate environments, a stable economy, 
growing at a slower rate than it is now. And having produced that for 5 years in a row, I think it was by 
quarters or something like that. And so it's not something we haven't done. But if you think about the 
current environment, what's driving is different. Our revenue growth is growing at twice that rate plus and 
the expense growth is growing close to that number. But when you get to higher growth rates, especially 
where it's coming from Wealth Management business, market-based business, businesses in investment 
banking, it attaches a higher sort of instantaneous expense. And yet it still produces even a little bit of 
operating leverage at a higher growth rate, a good after-tax, a good EPS result, a good net operating 
income results. So there's different times, different models. This is a model where revenue is growing faster 
than it might grow all the time in more normalized environments, but the business is coming from are those 
businesses which have the quickest move relative to expense. Giving you an example of that of the

normalized last year's expense -- last year's expense and think about our expectations from '23 to '24 and 
you look at the growth rate, a big part of the growth rate in expense, about 45% to 50% of it, is the 
incentives to the wealth management teammates, which is a good thing. And so that means revenue is 
growing, and we're taking about half of that in.

And if you look at the other pieces added to that. So Steven, simply put: we did it before. We know we can 
do it. You can see underlying setup. And as you see NII kick in the Consumer business, which is more 
incrementally profitable because of NII, you see that kick in and you see the expense base there flattening 
out. And you see the revenue base of the company broaden out, you'll see that we'll get back to the 
operating leverage that we expected, albeit it may be a little slower year-over-year growth rate, unless 
you're going to tell the market, it's going to go up 25%, 30% every year and drive the wealth management. 
When that slows down to a more normal growth rate that will slow down its expense growth rate also, 
therefore, you'll see the opening up at that level.

So it's not something we make up. It's something we put in our operating principles and it's something we 
have done a lot of quarters, but we have to sort of get the stability in the relative business position.

Steven Chubak 
That's great color.

Brian Moynihan 
And Steve, the easiest thing to think about is headcount. At the end of the day, our costs are all people, and 
that's been relatively stable, and that will start to flow through because during the course of last year, we 
basically kept the headcount relatively stable. We had some offbeat expenses that we had to deal with, but 
now we're sort of settling into that 213,000 level of people with the takeout on stuff through operating 
excellence and putting in on stuff into quiet coverage, expanding our pipes to draw more marketing, more 
client coverage, more technology investment. So we always are shifting expenses, and that's how we make 
that operating leverage happen.

Operator 
We'll move next to John McDonald with Truist Securities.

John McDonald 
Wanted to ask as a first question, just a follow-up to Steve's NII questioning. Alastair, is the deposit growth 
in the model that you've laid out for the year being used to pay down more expensive funding? You've talked 
about the ability to kind of self-fund balance sheet growth. And then also, is there any sense of the yield 
pickup you get on the swap roll off and replacement that you could give us kind of ballpark on?

Brian Moynihan 
John, before Alastair starts, welcome back from the cold to be able to be back in coverage and covering our 
company, and it's always good to know that you're going to consistently ask about NII, but I'll turn it to 
Alastair to give you that.

John McDonald 
Thanks, Brian. You got to be typecast.

Alastair Borthwick 
There you go. So I think your first question was if we get the deposit growth we anticipate, do we think 
we'll use some of that to pay off some of the higher cost liabilities on the balance sheet?

The answer is yes. That's consistent with what we said in prior calls. We've done that. If you look at the 
other institutional CDs, you'll see they came down by another $7 billion this quarter. So as we grow the 
really high-quality parts of the deposit franchise that allows us to take those down. And that's one of the 
things that's going to help grow net interest yield on an ongoing basis. It's not NII accretive necessarily, but 
it helps us with net interest yield. So that remains a part of the strategy, John, you'll see that continue.

As it relates to the cash flow swaps and how those reprice? No, we typically don't lay out the table of what 
we've got on and how it reprices over time, but it is embedded in our guidance. So each quarter, when I give 
you guidance for the next quarter, that will incorporate what we know is coming off on the cash flow swaps 
and how that does. The other fixed-rate assets you can kind of see in our supplemental information just 
based on the originations of resi mortgage, the originations of auto loans. And every time, obviously, we're 
booking new residential mortgage and old residential mortgages come off, we're picking up 250 basis 
points every time there. So you can see that happening each time you pick up the supplemental. We just 
don't tend to disclose the cash flow swaps. So I will do that for you each quarter as we go through the year.

John McDonald 
Okay. And then just to switch topics so Brian doesn't make fun of me.

Brian Moynihan 
That's all right, John.

Brian Moynihan 
So I think we bought $3.5 billion this quarter. We'd expect to continue to step back the highest levels, we 
are in the money, we pay the dividend, we invest in the growth of the business, and then we use the rest of 
buyback stock. That was $3.5 billion in the past couple of quarters. So at this earnings rate, that seems – 
that level that makes sense.

We're 11.9%, we think at a 10.7% requirement, a buffer of 11 -- 50, that's 11.2%. Obviously, there's going 
to be some sort of changes in the capital rules, and we'll have to settle it after we see that, and we hope 
some relief in the volatility of the CCAR outcomes. Because remember that last year, we jumped quite a bit 
without a lot of correlation to the actual risk of the company and stuff. So we'll -- hopefully, we'll see that 
settle back in.

John McDonald 
Okay. Does that leave you towards a mid-teens ROTCE target, Brian, as NIM normalizes and capital 
normalizes?

Brian Moynihan 
Yes. I think the capital normalization will be more sort of holding that capital to grow through it and not 
have to retain more capital for growth, frankly, if there's math that helps us favor it. But the NIM is probably 
more critical to move the yield from sub-2% this quarter -- 2% this quarter to 2.10%+ at the end of the 
fourth quarter and then moving from there. That, as you know, is -- all that flows to the bottom line. So we'll 
continue to drive the ROTCE back up as -- if you look back in the areas where there was any front-end -- 
Fed funds was 2%. We were running a couple of hundred basis points more. It's the huge zero-interest 
deposit base, especially in consumer and low-interest deposit base that provides a lot of leverage. So that 
will be a driver. The capital return would help some, but I think that will be more complex based on all the 
different rules and what happens.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.

Glenn Schorr 
I have a relative question on trading. I know how impossible it is to predict really the environment. But you 
took share in investment banking, and you've invested and gotten benefits from that. You have invested in 
trading. So maybe it's a weird question because you just put up record revenues in FICC and Equities, as you 
mentioned. But when we see good environments like this, some companies tend to really blow out numbers. 
10

You guys have zero loss days; you don’t tend to blow out numbers. Is that a comment about gaps in the 
business mix that you'd like to invest more and fill in? Is that a comment about risk tolerance? I'm just 
curious how to think about it on a relative basis?

Brian Moynihan 
I think you have to back up -- Jim DeMare and the team are driving the business; 11 straight quarters of 
year-over-year growth. Frankly, I'm not sure any other company comes close to matching that. So other 
people have more volatile up and down as you’re prospecting. But over the course of time, we just want us 
to keep walking up the ladder, and they've done a great job of doing that, continuing to drive the business.

In fact, if you look at year-over-year comparisons, because your point was obviously something we asked 
ourselves, and we looked at the last 48 hours, here 24 hours – basically, a lot of people in the same range as 
opposed to fourth quarter, where some people's last year's fourth quarter was down a lot in the prior year. 
Ours was more stable. And I think last year's fourth quarter was one of the highest fourth quarters we ever 
had. And then we put another 10% plus growth on top of it.

So think of us as being that business has just is imperturbable. It just keeps calmly growing forward and 
driving itself up without having maybe some of that more traditional trading house up and down. Not 
because we're not good at. They're very good at it, not because they aren't getting share, because, frankly, if 
you look at the last 3 or 4 years, they continue to gain share, it's just we have a little less volatility in 
principal activity on a given day.

Glenn Schorr 
Okay. I appreciate that. This might be a simple follow-up, but on your comments when talking about credit 
and reserves, you reserve for unemployment a little bit below 5%. We're 4.1% now. I think that's the way 
this cycle has played out, I think that's typical BofA conservatism. I think that's the accounting.

Brian Moynihan 
Yes. This is where you got, Glenn, you got to kind of get away from reserve-setting methodologies versus 
what we really believe is from our research team and your research team, your economist research team 
would tell you. Our core assumption is the GDP grows in the low 2s this year. The unemployment stays 
between 4.1% and I think -- maybe gets up to 4.3%, something like that. So this is literally a weighting of a 
base case, which would match that and an adverse case and some other cases just in the way we build 
methodologies for the reserves because you're reserving for uncertain future, and that's how it has it. I don't 
take it as a thought that we really believe we're going to see 4.8% unemployment in the next 4 quarters. 
And so hopeful that answers it.

Operator 
We'll move next to Erika Najarian with UBS.

Erika Najarian 
My first question, just as a follow-up. Brian, I think I heard you say in response to John's question that you 
think the exit-rate net interest margin will be 2.1%, I think in 4Q '25, I just wanted to confirm that I heard 
that correctly. And underneath that, Alastair, could you talk about the repricing or down deposit beta 
dynamics that you would assume to get to that net interest margin?

Brian Moynihan 
Yes. So the simple answer is you've stated what I stated to John, but I'll let Alastair answer the second part 
of the question.

Alastair Borthwick 
So generally, Erika, we're obviously following the Fed rate cuts just repricing things accordingly. There are, I 
think, two things going on right now that are interesting. The first one is, generally speaking, in the 
commercial businesses with the higher-end deposits. We're typically following the rate cuts and just going 
down 25 basis points. Obviously, at the other extreme on the noninterest-bearing, there's nothing we can do 
with that. It's already noninterest bearing. But we're following the Fed cuts, we're moving the rates with 
discipline accordingly.

And then the second thing that's going on is there was some rotation going on over the course of the past 2 
years, where there have been a lot of things going from noninterest-bearing into interest-bearing across the 
different parts of our businesses. That has slowed significantly. So you look at, for example, Consumer 
noninterest-bearing, that seems to have bottomed out in February of last year, and the noninterest-bearing 
balances are growing now again. So that rotation is slowing also. Both of those things are factoring into our 
guidance.

Brian Moynihan 
Yes. So Erika, if you look at the interesting part, that's gone on in the last couple of quarters just from a 
deposit behavior. If you look at our accounts that were here prior to the pandemic to now, you saw a run-up 
and then you saw a little depletion and it's basically stabilized at a level. But if you look at it in the 
aggregate, all the depletion is actually driven by the highest-balance accounts, like 250, 500 average 
balances -- million and the others are still multiples of where they were before, that's been going on, and 
they've been growing, and they're growing 9% year-over-year in the lower balance accounts as people make 
more money in store more cash and have cash flow.

So if you think about what had happened is our average balance count was around 7,000, went up to 
11,000, and now it's basically stable at 9,000 checking accounts, and that's kind of -- and you can grow out 
from there. That is very valuable because checking is either zero or very low interest. And so it's where the 
growth we see coming as deposits grow in Consumer that helps produce -- irrespective of the market 
dynamics or the higher at the market price deposits where you see the impact of the deposit franchise 
coming through.

So Consumer being down 1 basis point quarter-to-quarter doesn't sound like a lot, but you got to remember 
a lot of the stuff, it doesn't really price but are they growing that stuff? And each $10 billion of growth in 
that area is very important to us.

Erika Najarian 
Got it. That's very helpful. And just as a follow-up, both you and Alastair have during -- over the course of 
2024, started introducing the concept of a normalized net interest margin of 2.3%. With the neutral rate 
maybe around 4%, does -- can BofA get there more quickly, particularly given the deposit dynamics that you 
mentioned, Brian?

I guess I'm trying to -- we're just trying to figure out, you guys did introduce the concept of normalized NIM. 
So I'm not trying to seek out guidance in terms of '26 or '27 or whatever, but you had to have told us that 
for a reason. And I'm just wondering if the forward curve or what the dynamics are that would lay out the 
path to achieve that over the medium term?

Brian Moynihan 
If the Fed funds rate stays higher, we'll get there faster is the simple -- because that's obvious because the 
sheer volume of low-interest. So if we were sitting here in the October, I think when we're talking about 
that – the amount of rate cuts was still, I don't know how many more -- 3 or 4 more than we've had so far – 
and now we're down to 1. So as it stays at a higher nominal rate, you'll see this adjustment come through.

There are two caveats at. One is we're carrying a larger markets balance sheet, which, by definition, is a 
little less robust in that area. And then secondly, we're carrying a lot of low -- a lot of excess liquidity just

because we're running that down as Alastair said. So during -- you have the buildup after -- during the 
pandemic, we built up a lot of term financing and running off. So all that will help us. But it will go faster 
than we'd otherwise say mid last year to now just because the nominal rate environment stays higher.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.

Mike Mayo 
So you kind of upped your NII guide for the next several quarters. And this was the first question asked. But 
how much is short rate? How much is long rate? But most importantly, how much of this is a little bit more 
steepness in the yield curve? And what part of the yield curve is most important for that? And what's the 
sensitivity for every 10 basis points of additional steepness that add how much NII or something along 
those lines?

Alastair Borthwick 
So Mike, it's still the short term that drives probably 90% of the sensitivity around NII. Because if you think 
about it, we just don't have enough fixed-rate assets repricing to really drive NII. In any given quarter, you've 
got a few billion of resi mortgage, a few billion of CVL repricing – let’s call that $10 billion to $12 billion. 
You've got $8 billion to $10 billion of hold-to-maturity securities repricing. But that's in the context of a 
$3.3 trillion balance sheet. So it's still the short term that drives most of the NII. So when Brian says, 
obviously, we're helped by the fact that there might be 2 or 3 rate cuts less than they were previously – 
that’s obviously helpful.

But the big thing is always for us in terms of year-over-year growth, it's always about deposit growth and 
loan growth. The fixed rate asset repricing is turbo charges a little bit at the margin, but it's about deposit 
and loan growth, and those are the important ones. And getting back to growth now in each of our 
businesses, gives us a stronger foundation, leading into 2025, than we had this year when we still had at the 
beginning of the year, Consumer coming down, Wealth coming down. Now that they’ve found the floor, it’s 
slightly different.

Mike Mayo 
Got it. And then a big picture question. Brian, with the new incoming administration and a different tone as 
it relates to bank regulation. In fact, the incoming Treasury Secretary said he would like to reinvigorate 
banks. So if you were talk to them, and maybe their listening, what would you like to see changed as it 
relates to bank regulation?

And then a specific question, I know it's going to be tough. If you give me any sense would be great. But 
your CET1 ratio, if you didn't have gold plating, if you had a level playing field, if you took out some of the 
extraneous operating risk penalty, how much would your CET1 ratio increase in that sort of world?

Brian Moynihan 
So Mike, I think your second question brings up -- the places that our industry, our company have been 
advocating heavily is that we've had a little bit of a situation from pre-pandemic to-post pandemic where 
you've seen capital -- required capital go up nominally 10%, 15%, 20%. And not a big change in the risk of 
the companies. And that is to all the mathematics behind all the counting, right?

And so we're saying, oh, well, wait, we aren't indexing the G-SIB. So therefore, our relative size economy 
isn't growing as fast as -- it was intended to be indexed on that basis, isn't there. You've had, as you said, 
sort of accretion of sort of methodologies that keep pulling more in, including the stress test volatility that 
we've all pointed out to them.

And then -- and the last point you make it -- is if you look at this concept of Basel III making equivalent 
around the world is completely off in a different world, because we're using advanced -- excuse me, the rest 
of the world is using advanced. We're using standardized, gold plate or whatever you want to talk about; it's 
just apples and oranges. And so I would never think that we go -- and we ever got to Europe, our numbers

would be probably a big -- a lot higher, but that's not going to happen because just we're going to have -- 
we as a society have a more conservatively capitalized industry.

So I think it's simply put if they were to take into account our clear statement -- our clear advocacy about as 
an industry about index the GSIB, take the volatility out of CCAR, how can it change so much in the relatively 
same scenario. And also, behind the scenes, all the changes in a counting, not accounting, but a counting for 
risk you're increasing capital requirements and without any explicit decision to do so. And we think that, that 
would be worth probably 100 basis points or so. If you really sat back and thought about it, how do you get 
there, Mike? Think about our volatility in CCAR outcomes, I think we went from -- we went up by, I don't 
know, 50, 70 basis points last year, whatever it was. The risk of the company didn't change. As a matter of 
fact, it probably went down, honestly. And so that's what we're working on.

So we want to see that. And then in the day-to-day supervision, we just want to see people focused on 
safety and soundness and good management and making sure there's the regular agencies cooperate on 
things like BSA and AML and things that -- everybody is all over the place, and the industry is trying to sort 
it out in the middle. And we've given precise points to look at, and we'll see what happens.

Operator 
We'll move next to Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global Securities.

Jim Mitchell 
Maybe just dialing in on the deposit growth. You clearly have been outperforming the peer group. But maybe 
I just want to focus on Consumer for a second. You generated $1.1 million of net new checking accounts, 
which seems best among peers. I think that's showing up in better Consumer deposit growth in 4Q. So what 
do you think you're doing differently that's generating that kind of consistent success in adding new 
accounts?

Brian Moynihan 
Look, at the end of the day, our brand is best received in terms of our scores, our customer service 
capabilities are scoring at the highest they've ever come. The fairness of our account structures of 
transparency, the digital capabilities, it's just winning in the market. It's a $1 billion net new checking 
accounts and not 92%, 90 -- whatever they are primary. They start with an average balance of 2,000 to 
3,000. They move to 6,000, 7,000 over the course of 6 months. This is just a great job done by Dean 
Athanasia and Aron Levine and Holly O'Neill that run this business for us -- just continue to drive it. Then on 
top of that, we've layered in ways with various business lines to help generate accounts.

So our work we do with companies to offer our best products and services as a benefit to their employees 
helps us generate some extra growth. Our ability to do business around college campuses, which is not huge 
for this quarter's growth. But because we are generating the amount of openings at twice the rate of young 
people exist in society for our customers 5 years ago, 5 years later, the people out working and they're great 
customers. So it's a whole bunch of things. And so -- and it's -- but it's relentless and sustainable.

And yet, we still have lots of ways to grow. And we weren't in -- we just entered a lot of markets over the 
last 5 years. Denver, Cleveland, Columbus, Cincinnati, Indianapolis, Minneapolis, Milwaukee now, Lexington, 
et cetera. That's one way. And then if you think about in the Wealth Management teammates and Katy Knox 
and Lindsay and Eric do a great job there, but we have a lot of room to go where we continue to outfit 
those clients with a full range of services of Bank of America. And even Merrill Edge has a lot going on 
there. So there's a fair amount of deposits that come from our Merrill Edge originations, which are 300,000 
accounts year-over-year, and those are all $100,000 starting accounts, not $3,000.

Jim Mitchell 
Right. No, that all makes sense. And then maybe pivoting on the expense side, the guidance of 2% to 3% 
growth. It's kind of a pretty decent step down for what we saw in the back half of the year.

Brian Moynihan 
I think three key things. One is if we get the year-over-year growth in the markets-related businesses, in the 
high double digits or 20% growth that expense guidance might be a little tight, but again, you would cheer 
for that. So this is assuming a 5% to 6% growth in the S&P-type of numbers. So that takes some of the 
growth pressure off. The aggregate numbers are locked in at a high level and growing merit.

And then the second thing is, frankly, just getting a lot of this work behind us and some remediation and 
look backs and things are all completed and behind us. And then third is just keeping the headcount and 
getting -- continuing to focus on OpEx and generating capabilities. And so as we stepped into some of 
these national brand campaigns around some of the major properties we've affiliated with most recently 
yesterday in the US Soccer including men's and women's teams, FIFA, The Master’s, these are all things 
we're paying by just driving other efficiencies.

So from a company that for years have gone down and expenses, the idea growing 2%, 3% is not that hard 
a concept, albeit the growth in the back half of this year was a bit driven by the incentive explosion that 
happened because of the explosion of markets. When they took off, our teammates did a great job of 
capturing revenue and incentives went up.

Operator 
We'll move next to Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.

Vivek Juneja 
I have two separate questions. First one with expenses. Just want to clarify to the last question, Brian, what 
you said. So what are you assuming for incentive comp in '25 in your guidance? Is it flat year-on-year? Are 
you assuming some increase? Any color on that?

Brian Moynihan 
It will grow with the markets and stuff, but we have other efficiencies that offset some of that growth.

Vivek Juneja 
Okay. Second one, I guess, I can't leave you disappointed. I must give you and Alastair love on NII. So let me 
ask a little nitty question on that. BSBY hedges, since those started to accrete this quarter, how much was 
the benefit this quarter? And what is the cadence of that as we look out over '25?

Alastair Borthwick 
So we think about the BSBY accreting back into the P&L, kind of like the same way we do with the other 
cash flow swaps, Vivek. So I'd say a couple of hundred this quarter. And then when we give you the guidance 
with all the cash flow swaps, it's all included in there.

So when I say that we think this year Q1 should be up modestly, that is after the $250 million of day count 
adjustment and it's including deposit growth, loan growth and all the cash flow swap activity.

Vivek Juneja 
Okay. So that 200 -- a couple of hundred million, that probably -- given that it's $1.6 billion to be recovered 
over a couple of years, that should continue at this pace all through '25 then, right? At least that particular 
item?

Alastair Borthwick 
Most of it will take place in 2025. It sort of burns back into the P&L. And then there'll be a little bit in 2026 
and a tiny bit in '27.

Vivek Juneja 
And then -- sorry, if I may, another one. Brian, to your comment on capital you said you want to keep a 50-
basis point buffer your CET1, 11.9%, 50 basis point 11.2%. Is there a plan to go down to the 11.2% at some 
point and therefore step up your buyback? Or what's the thinking there?

Brian Moynihan 
I wouldn't assume that we're going to take it down through a lot of buybacks in your modeling. It's going to 
be there to support growth. But Vivek, the simple answer is we've got to get a set of rules to quit moving 
around on us. And once we get them, then we can give you better guidance on that. Because it's just hard to 
hard to estimate when you could have more excess if they do what -- we as an industry expect them to do. 
And then we have a different conversation. Right now, we we'll probably grow part of that away through the 
good work of our team in terms of loan growth and in the Markets business as we continue to invest in that 
business. So -- so don't expect us to deplete that ratio down quickly. But I'm holding my right to change that 
if we get the capital levels straightened out in the new rules.

Operator 
Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Matt O’Connor 
Just if there was some relief on capital, are there areas that you would incrementally lean into? Obviously, 
without knowing all the rules, it's a charge to know for sure. But just other areas that you're like, if we have 
an extra 100 basis points, or 50 or 150, you would do a little bit more in some areas than you have been?

Brian Moynihan 
None of our businesses are constrained because of capital. So if the Consumer team had more credit card 
loan growth that was based on what they think the right risk balances and getting paid for it, et cetera. 
That's gone on. You saw us just grow balances last quarter, the auto loans, whatever. And so I think it -- I 
don't see that Wealth Management -- obviously, not much of an RWA users in a lot of ways. And then the 
real question is, in the Global Banking business, again, they're getting strong loan growth. There's nothing 
that we're slowing them down.

In the Markets business, we continue to drive the capital up, being the lowest return on equity business we 
have. We have to be a little careful that we don't do it, but Jim and the team have done a great job. And 
we've basically -- their balance sheet is $300 billion larger than it was 4 or 5 years ago, and they've grown 
their -- we've grown through the GSIBs, as you know from 2.5 to 3.0 and we'll keep probably growing 
through those and that we use some.

But it's not like we'd say you can't have it because of capital. It's really just running the company, keeping a 
balance in the overall management of the risk and where we want to take risk and how we do it. And then 
frankly, it's -- they come up with business plans, and we've never had to say we don't have enough capital to 
do that. That's not the issue.

Matt O’Connor 
And I guess, like depending on how the capital rules are tweaked, it could make some businesses just more 
profitable, right? So even though you have enough capital to put those businesses if the returns aren't 
making your hurdles, maybe it could with some tweaks. And I've heard some of your peers talk about like 
equity prime brokerage as one area that could have higher returns if capital requirements to reduce. And 
again, we don't know exactly how it's going to play out, but do you envision any kind of changes to how you 
evaluate businesses?

Brian Moynihan 
Yes. I think it won't change how we evaluate businesses because regulatory capital is only one of the ways 
we look at it, we look at the risk and sort of market-based capital and other things. But it could -- sort for 
lack of a better term, limit the penalty to some of these businesses down some. But -- but you also have to 
16

remember the ROA and the mix of businesses, and there's another side of this because we have 6% tangible 
common equity, and we got to produce returns on that and low ROA businesses affect that.

So there are things that will favor it under regulatory capital but not favored under sort of market-based 
disciplines. So we work through all that. I don't expect to see change in how we do it, but I also don't think 
that any of our businesses are constrained because we're not having capital. So if Jim and the team have a 
chance to go prime brokerage and make it work. In our company, we can have other businesses which have 
very high ROAs to make up for it. In some other companies, it'd be more important for them because they 
don't have those other businesses in relative size to the Markets business.

Operator 
We'll move next to Gerard Cassidy with RBC.

Gerard Cassidy 
Brian, we've talked about this in the past and also with you, Alastair. Obviously, credit quality for you and 
your peers has been -- is very strong. In view of the rate cycle, we just came through where we went from 
zero to plus 5% at the short end of the curve and really never saw a surge in charge-offs due to rates going 
up that much.

When you guys look at credit quality, is it due to better underwriting standards or sticking to your 
underwriting standards, or is it your customers themselves because we all went through the pandemic are 
just much stronger balance sheets, more resilient. What would you account for so far that this credit cycle 
has been fairly benign for you and your peers?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. Look, it's definitely been benign. I think one thing that hasn't changed, our underwriting strategy, our 
standards, our risk appetite our client selection, those really haven't changed, Gerard. But I think you're right.

Look, things are obviously different than 2019. 2019, we didn't have this rate structure. So that's a little bit 
harder at the margin for the consumer. At the same time, the consumer is stronger. I mean, we can see that 
in the deposit balances. We can see it right now in the consumer spending in the 3% to 4% range. We can 
see it and the balances being elevated over 5 years ago. We can see it in the unemployment level, the 
income level, home prices, wealth effect.

So look, 2019 was freakishly low in terms of like a historical norm. But things have settled in here. We sort 
of said a year ago, we thought they would plateau right around where we are. We're glad to see 3 or 4 
quarters now with some stability. It feels pretty good on the consumer side. It feels very good still on the 
commercial side. So that's why we're sort of laying out our expectation, unless there's a big change in the 
economy, we think we're going to be around this 50 to 60 basis points over the course of the next year or 
so.

Gerard Cassidy 
Very good. And then as a follow-up, I share your optimism on the outlook for the economy and many of your 
peers on the capital markets business. I think many investors do.

One of the risks -- I mean, when you guys sit down at night, everything is going well. What do you talk about 
is what curveballs do we have to watch out for? Is it a rate environment that changes quickly without 
anybody really expecting it? Is it complacency? What are some of the risks that you guys think about?

Brian Moynihan 
Well, you have wars and hopefully, a resolution of one that's just happening as we speak. But you have wars, 
you have trade wars, et cetera, that bothers. You have the availability of resource around the world, whether 
it's physical resource or human resource to do work, it’s shortages of that because unemployment rates a 
lot of countries are pretty low. And so can you get the productivity to keep growing the economy, but all the 
usual things.

But if you think about it, Gerard, just to be clear, we've seen a 15-year run from after the pandemic -- 
excuse me, after the financial -- global financial crisis or more, year run where you've seen constantly 
improving our credit statistics that then interrupted in the pandemic a little bit and then because the 
stimulus dropped down again and now it's back to normal, but that's a long-term trend.

So it's not complacency. It's just that how much leverage is building up in the system that there will be 
difficulties with, either at the household level, at the company level. And then a lot of it's outside the 
banking system. So we worry about that and how it reverberates into the banking system because just 
leverage that exists out there that at higher levels than we traditionally have given in the banking system 
still affect us because that means if people can't carry it, there'll be restructuring of companies and 
bankruptcies and things like that, which are going on today, but they're going on a level which is very 
manageable.

So we worry about all those things and the federal debt levels and the pinch that will come out of state and 
federal spending if they have to -- they need to slow down the growth. All those things are factors which we 
think about. And the way we manage the company is to run it so that given those events, we can continue 
to operate. And that's why the stress testing, quite frankly, is a good thing because it makes you think about 
the parade of horribles happening, even though they don't happen and make sure that you are positioned to 
survive them.

And if you said to the question Alastair answered, one of the big impacts across time here in the banking 
industry is because the top 30 institutions are doing stress testing, which assumes that you're wrong in your 
underwriting and the economy goes from 4% employment, 10% employment overnight -- unemployment 
overnight. Think about the impact of that on bringing the underwriting narrower so that you can afford that 
capital that you have to hold for that outcome, even though that outcome hasn't occurred. That's going 
across a big portion of the banking industry.

So I just think it's more fundamentally structured, but leverage is going to be the issue it always is, and 
you're always trying to find the P. Where is the excess leverage and how do you make sure you're avoiding 
it.

Gerard Cassidy 
No, that's very helpful. And Alastair, I liked your comment about when you're talking about the 17 financial 
centers that you're a growth company, hopefully, that will be reflected in the P/E shortly.

Alastair Borthwick 
Well, there's plenty of room on the P/E multiple, but I'll let you work on that, Gerard. We'll work on our part.

Operator 
And we'll take our final question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Graseck 
So Brian, here's the question. Small business optimism is up, and you've got a flat curve at the front end and 
-- and so I'm kind of wondering how that feeds into C&I demand? And I'm wondering what your 
conversations with not only small business, mid-business corporates, it'd be really interesting to hear how 
you think they're preparing for this change?

Brian Moynihan 
Sure, Betsy. So small business small, medium-sized businesses. So in our business banking category and -- 
we have Small Business, Business Banking, we have Global Commercial Bank, you think Middle Market. 
Across that environment, the draw rates and lines of credit stuff are still much lower than they were in a 
pre-pandemic and things like that.

And to your point, the higher interest rate environment affects them most quickly and importantly because 
they use lines of credit to do things. Buy a piece of equipment, hire some more people when the payroll

dynamics of that, whatever it is. And they might permanently finance that, but immediately, they use lines. 
And the draw rate’s 400 basis points over where it normally runs, so to speak, which means that they're 
drawing at less rate, and that probably means they're doing a little less. And so we haven't seen that move a 
lot. That's a to-come in terms of loan growth, as Alastair mentioned earlier.

But their optimism has changed, and you saw that -- and that's really around the other things when you talk 
to our small business customers, and we made make these points to people in Washington is the over the 
regulation, the impact, the -- it's hard to do business, hard to get things done. The rules coming out. They 
don't have the big staffs that we do, and other companies do, that can deal with all that. And so it all 
confuses, it slows them down and makes them hesitate.

Their belief is that that's changed. And that's why you see the optimism come up, and then we got to 
translate that optimism into activity, and then you'll see the loan growth come. But I think it was -- it's a 
quick change, and it's based on their view of how easy it will be for them to get things done both at state 
and federal level.

Betsy Graseck 
Yes, I'm just looking at you, Bank of America is one of the few that actually had small business loan growth 
year-on-year. And I know a lot of that came a couple of quarters ago. But with this very sharp increase in 
small business optimism, I would think that could potentially be something you could benefit from?

Brian Moynihan 
No question. And so but the real dollar volume of benefit is going to be -- the small business loans, I think 
grew -- have been growing quarter after quarter year-over-year for a good chunk at a time now. And we feel 
good about that. But the dollar volume change in the middle market business from a little more drawing on 
the lines consistent with what people have done before is a lot of loan balance, there's $200 billion of 
balances in that business. So it doesn't take a lot to kick it up.

Betsy Graseck 
Right. I got that.

Brian Moynihan 
So I think, look, we're the largest lender to small business. And those customers tell us they're optimistic 
and they see forward. And the issues were -- I couldn't get enough people, and that's something we got to 
be careful of. The regulations were hurting me. And then the interest rates and the interest rate is coming 
down a little bit, helps them and the other two, the strong belief is that will be more readily available.

Operator 
And it does appear that there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn it back to Brian 
for any additional or closing remarks.

Brian Moynihan 
Sure. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We finished 2024 with good momentum as we enter '25. 
The economy is resilient and healthy. The consumers continue to spend a solid and healthy rate. The 
employment levels are strong. The asset quality we can see is very good. Our loans have now grown for 
several quarters in a row here. Deposits have grown for 6 straight quarters. The rate environment continues 
to be constructive. And then the added value in the last couple of quarters is the fee business have come on 
strong, given the extra market activity.

All that sets us up well for 2025. Thank you for your support. We look forward to talking to you next time.

Disclaimer 
Certain statements contained in this document constitute “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current beliefs 
and  expectations,  are  not  guarantees  of  future  results  or  performance  and  involve  certain  known  and  unknown 
uncertainties  and assumptions  that are  difficult  to  predict  and are  often  beyond  the  control  of Bank  of  America. 
Actual  outcomes  and  results  may  differ  materially  from  those  expressed  in,  or  implied  by,  forward-looking 
statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the risks and 
uncertainties discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) filings, available on the Bank of America and SEC websites.
</Bank of America PPT>

<Bank of America PPT>
Lee McEntire 
Good morning. Thank you. Thank you for joining the call to review our first quarter results. Our earnings 
release documents are available on the Investor Relations section of the bankofamerica.com website. Those 
documents include the earnings presentation that we will make reference to during the call. First, our CEO, 
Brian Moynihan, will make some opening comments before Alastair Borthwick, our CFO, discusses the 
details of the quarter.

Let me just remind you that we may make forward-looking statements and refer to non-GAAP financial 
measures during the call. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and 
assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause our actual results to 
materially differ from expectations are detailed in our earnings materials as well as our SEC filings available 
on the website. Information about non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations to U.S. GAAP can 
also be found in our earnings materials on the website.

With that, Brian, let's get started.

Brian Moynihan 
Thank you, Lee, and thank all of you and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Given the recent 
events, we want to do a couple of things at our time today. First, we want to provide a clear picture of how 
well the fundamentals of the company performed to produce another good quarter of earnings in the first 
quarter of 2025. So I'm going to talk through a little of those highlights, and I'm going to turn it over to 
Alastair for details on the quarter and some forward guidance. And second, given the market volatility and 
the concerns of potential changes in the economy and its outlook, at the end of the quarterly presentation, 
we're going to give you some facts to set the context about the quality of our credit portfolios, our capital, 
and liquidity as we may face periods of economic change and set that in the context to how we fared prior 
to past periods of economic stress.

So let's get going on Slide 2 of the discussion. This morning, Bank of America reported $7.4 billion in net 
income and $0.90 in EPS for the first quarter of 2025. That's a solid start to 2025 and great work by our

team. On a year-over-year basis, we grew revenue by 6%, we grew net income at 11%. We grew earnings 
per share at 18%, and we delivered more capital back to shareholders, and we reduced shares in the 
aggregate by 3%. We produced an 89 basis points return on assets and a 14% return on tangible common 
equity in the first quarter.

So let me hit on a few highlights that drove that performance. Net interest income grew 3% year-over-year 
and is up from quarter 4 to the high end of our guidance range we gave you 3 months ago. We grew 
deposits for the seventh straight quarter. They reached nearly $2 trillion at quarter end and have now grown 
8% from the mid-2023 low point. We grew commercial loans in nearly every line of business. That is the 
second quarter in a row, they've grown across the board.

Holly O'Neill, our consumer team marked the 25th straight quarter of net new checking account growth. We 
saw annual flows to our consumer investments business of $22 billion over the last 12 months. Our wealth 
management businesses led by Eric and Lindsay and Katy Knox in the Private Bank, together added 7,200 
net new households in this quarter and saw net AUM flows of $24 billion in the quarter. Jim DeMare and the 
team recorded a 12th straight quarter of year-over-year sales and trading revenue growth and achieved a 
16% return on allocated capital.

We generated these results working from a strong balance sheet with over $200 billion in regulatory capital, 
nearly $1 trillion in liquidity. This allows us to provide strong support and solutions for our clients.

Turning to Slide 3, on organic growth. One of the keys to our earnings improvement has been our ability to 
consistently drive organic growth. Organic growth remained strong across the businesses, as highlighted on 
Slide 3. I won't go through all the statistics and all the points on the page. But as you can see, the 
momentum has continued. I note the continued growth in net new checking, new households, new 
companies of commercial banking, and growth in our institutional markets business. Clients continue to see 
the value in our capabilities in connected businesses as a company.

Our digital engagement and sales continue to expand across all our businesses. We saw more than 14 billion 
log-ins in 2024. Eric has now surpassed 2.7 billion interactions since its inception. Our CashPro app for our 
commercial customers has continued strong adoption and usage rates, as you can see. Transactions sent 
through Zelle, at Bank of America, are not only 3x the number of checks written by our Bank of America 
customers, but also 1.3x the number of checks written plus the number of cash transactions, taking money 
out of the ATM. It's also worth noting that digitally-enabled sales in our Consumer business across the 
board reached 65% of total sales. You can see these trends on digital in the slides that we show you each 
quarter on Slides 26, 28, and 30 in the appendix, and we commend those to you.

As you go to Slide 4, we showed you some of the highlights and economic activity. We provide some of the 
current spending data by our consumers of Bank of America. There's a lot that could potentially change 
given the uncertainty around the tariffs and other policies and the future path of the economy. And our 
communications to – just as we’ve done during other stress periods – we want to relay to you those facts, 
which we think give you some context.

But before we do that, our research team – like many research teams – led by Candace Browning does not 
currently believe we'll see a recession in 2025. However, they've lowered their GDP growth rates for 2025 
and continue to see no rate cuts during '25, but expect as inflation gets under control, you may see them in 
the future, i.e., in '26.

But going more to what our customer data shows: it shows that the money moving across all our consumer 
spending methods (debit and credit cards, ACH, checks written, Zelle, et cetera), all that aggregate shows it 
grew about 4.4% pace in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter of 2024. As you look in the 
chart and look across it, you can note that consumer spending has been consistently growing year-over-
year. But during last year, it actually slowed a bit, especially in the summer and pick back up in the fall. That 
resulted in the fourth quarter of '24 over the fourth quarter of '23 being about a 4% pace and that pace has 
continued. That pace has also continued through the first part of April. We note that some retailers may say

that their sales are slower, and others are picking up, and it really reflects the change in consumer spending 
behavior. But in the aggregate, the consumer keeps pushing money into the economy.

As we look at our business side and what our business clients are telling you, in the current setting, they 
remain profitable, liquid, and have strong results. They all look ahead and worry about the same things you 
hear reflected in your conversations with them also. So we continue to watch for signs of the environment 
actually changing, but we thought it would be good to share with you what we're actually seeing in our 
customer base at this moment.

So in summary, for Bank of America for the first quarter of 2025, I want to thank the team for another 
strong quarter. We saw good organic client activity. We enjoyed good growth in revenue and earnings. We 
continued to invest in the future growth of our company. We managed the risk well. And that drove healthy 
returns for you, our shareholders, and we increased the capital delivered back to our shareholders.

With that, I'm going to turn it over to Alastair to talk you through the quarter.

Alastair Borthwick 
Thank you, Brian. I start on Slide 5 of the earnings presentation to provide a little more context on the 
quarter. And as Brian noted, we generated $7.4 billion in net income or $0.90 per diluted share this quarter, 
and that represents good growth over both last quarter and the year earlier period.

On Slide 6, we note some of the highlights of the quarter. Revenue of $27.5 billion on an FTE basis, grew 
6% from the first quarter of '24. Most revenue items showed improvement year-over-year. NII grew 3%. 
Investment and brokerage fees rose 15%, with both assets under management flows and market levels 
contributing nicely to the growth. This quarter's $5.6 billion in sales and trading revenue grew 9% from the 
year ago period. Service charges grew 8%, with particular strength in our Global Payment Solutions revenue. 
Card income improved 4%, and other income also improved, driven by gains mostly associated with 
leveraged finance positions, and these were positions that we disposed of during the quarter.

Noninterest expense was $17.8 billion, up from the fourth quarter driven by seasonally-elevated payroll 
taxes and markets revenue-related costs of processing and incentives. Litigation costs were also higher 
related to a recent decision in a long-running matter. We had operating leverage this quarter as revenue 
grew 300 basis points faster than expense compared to Q1 '24, provision expense for the quarter was $1.5 
billion, with asset quality remaining in great shape.

Preferred dividends were $125 million less than the first quarter of '24, as we redeemed some preferreds 
over the past year. And we used some of our excess capital to reduce our outstanding shares 4% from the 
first quarter of last year. All of these things aided in EPS improving 18% year-over-year.

Let's move to a discussion of the balance sheet using Slide 7, and you can see assets ended the quarter at 
$3.35 trillion. That's up $88 billion from the fourth quarter, driven by higher levels of client activity in Global 
Markets. In addition, loans grew $15 billion in the quarter, supported by a $24 billion increase in deposits. As 
deposit growth exceeded loan growth, we continue to add to our liquidity. Long-term debt increased $21 
billion, driven by funding needs to support the growth in client assets, average global excess liquidity at 
$942 billion remained strong and up year-over-year.

Turning to regulatory capital on Slide 8, our CET1 level increased to $201 billion, and the CET1 ratio is 
11.8%. This is down 11 basis points and remains well above our 10.7% requirement. You can see in the 
waterfall, we deployed capital in a number of ways this quarter. In addition to the increased amount of share 
repurchases, we allocated more capital to our Global Markets business and grew both consumer and

commercial loans. Within the ending loan growth, it's worth noting we bought an $8 billion portfolio of 
residential mortgage loans, that's both high and quality and allows good potential to expand relationships 
with customers beyond those mortgage loans. And we expect these loans to add just over $100 million in 
NII annually. Supplemental leverage ratio was 5.7% versus a minimum requirement of 5%, which leaves 
capacity for balance sheet growth and our $468 billion of Total Loss Absorbing Capital means our TLAC 
ratio remains comfortably above our requirements.

As you see on Slide 9, we've now grown deposits for the seventh consecutive quarter on an average basis, 
and we're near $2 trillion on an ending basis. Typically, we see some downward pressure on deposits as we 
move from Q4 to Q1 as commercial clients use their cash to pay bonuses and taxes. And this year, we saw 
commercial deposits more stable as clients remain highly liquid. In addition, we remain disciplined on pricing 
as we pass through short rate declines and saw a 24-basis point decline in rate paid in Global Banking. We 
saw continued stability around our consumer noninterest-bearing balances. And as interest rates moved 
lower in CDs and Preferred deposits on our brokerage platform, we saw a 3-basis point decline in rates paid 
in Consumer banking this quarter to 61 basis points. Overall, rate paid moved from 194 basis points in Q4 
to 179 basis points this quarter and were lower in every business segment.

Let's turn to loans by looking at average balances on Slide 10. And you can see loans in Q1 of $1.09 trillion 
improved 4% year-over-year driven by 7% commercial loan growth. Excluding commercial real estate, that 
year-over-year growth was 9%. We noted a modest increase in revolver utilization during the quarter as 
clients navigate the current environment. Consumer loans grew modestly year-over-year with linked-quarter 
movement reflecting seasonal credit card paydowns, and the $8 billion of residential loans we purchased 
this quarter, and that I noted earlier, those will come on to the balance sheet -- or they came onto the 
balance sheet at the end of the quarter. So they don't really impact averages this period and will begin to 
impact them next.

Let's turn our focus to NII performance on Slide 11, where on a GAAP non-FTE basis, NII in Q1 was $14.4 
billion. And on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, NII was $14.6 billion. That's up 3% from the first quarter of 
last year. We finished at the higher end of our expected range, and NII grew $75 million on a fully-taxable 
equivalent basis over Q4, even as we incurred approximately $250 million headwind from 2 fewer days of 
interest accrual. The improvement was driven by Global Markets activity, as well as deposit favorability and 
loan growth, and fixed rate asset repricing also benefited NII. With regard to interest rate sensitivity, on a 
dynamic deposit basis, we provide a 12-month change in NII for an instantaneous shift in the curve. So that 
means interest rates would have to move instantaneously another 100 basis points lower than the 4 cuts 
already expected and contemplated in the April 10 curve. On that basis, a 100-basis point decline would 
decrease NII over the next 12 months by $2.2 billion. And if rates went up 100 basis points, again, more 
than the forward curve, NII would benefit by roughly $1.0 billion.

With regard to a forward view of NII, given the uncertainty of announced tariffs, we've seen expectations 
for more cuts and interest rates and more variability now in the market expectations for economic growth. 
So let us provide a few thoughts for you using Slide 12 to illustrate. In Q4, we provided our expectation that 
we could exit Q4 of 2025 with NII on a fully-taxable equivalent basis in a range of $15.5 billion to $15.7 
billion. And that included an acceleration of NII growth in the second half of the year. Our assumptions 
underlying the NII belief then included an interest rate curve, which anticipated one rate cut in the middle of 
the year and modest loan and deposit growth. And while the interest rate environment has changed a little, 
our current expectation for the exit rate of NII in Q4 remains unchanged.

Using the first quarter '25 as the base, the waterfall gives you some idea of our assumptions to bridge to 
our Q4 '25 expected exit rate. First, we pick up 2 additional days of interest, one in each of the next couple 
of quarters. Fixed-rate asset repricing also benefits our NII, and it takes into account the impact of the 
current interest rate curve. There are 3 primary buckets for that benefit: securities, mortgage loans, and 
cash flow hedges. Security paydowns are running about $8 billion to $9 billion a quarter. Mortgage loans are 
another $4 billion to $5 billion a quarter, and each gains a little more than 200 basis points as they're

replaced. Cash flow swap repricing benefits are a little more staggered in their roll down and make up the 
rest of the benefit here.

We assume the early-April interest rate curve, which reflects 4 cuts and a couple are later in the year. So 
that will have some negative impact near term on our expected NII growth, but it improves as the funding 
costs more fully reflect those cuts. The best proxy for that impact is our asset sensitivity, which again 
assumes instantaneous rate reductions, even below the rates cuts currently in the curve. We provide our 
best estimate using the timing of those cuts. And at the same time, with lower rates, we would expect just 
a little more loan and deposit activity, and we estimate the NII impact of that growth would offset some of 
the interest-rate impact from lower rates. We already saw modestly better deposit growth in the first 
quarter than we expected.

In addition, we believe our liability-sensitive Global Markets business will also likely benefit NII more as we 
move through the year. And that obviously depends on the way clients choose to trade with us. Bottom line, 
our fourth-quarter exit rate expectation for NII is unchanged at $15.5 billion to $15.7 billion from our 
previous expectation. And that means we're still expecting strong full year NII improvement this year of 6% 
to 7%.

Okay. Let's turn to expense, and we'll use Slide 13 for the discussion. We reported a little less than $17.8 
billion in expense this quarter, and that included roughly $500 million in seasonal elevation from payroll tax 
expense and some market-related, revenue-related costs. We also had higher litigation expense to $160 
million driven by a recent decision in a long-running matter. And remember, as you think about the expense 
increase from Q4, that quarter included a $300 million release of accruals for the FDIC special assessment. 
Expense compared to Q1 '24 is up a little less than 3%, consistent with our full year '25 growth 
expectations, and the increase reflects costs of higher sales and trading and wealth management fees and 
in the investments made to add more sales associates and to support increased technology and marketing 
costs.

Let's move to credit and turn to Slide 14, where our asset quality remains sound. Net charge-offs were 
$1.45 billion, modestly down compared to Q4. This is the fifth consecutive quarter that net charge-offs 
have hovered around $1.5 billion. The total net charge-off ratio this quarter was 54 basis points, flat with 
Q4. Q1 provision expense was $1.5 billion and matched net charge-offs. Consumer net charge-offs were 
$1.1 billion, consistent with the past few quarters.

Now 90% of our consumer net charge-offs are driven by credit card, which highlights the importance of 
prudence in underwriting that portfolio as we note on Slide 22. On the commercial side, we saw losses of 
$333 million, down modestly from Q4. Near term, we don't expect much change in net charge-offs, as you 
can see improvement in both early- and late-stage delinquencies from the fourth quarter. That tells us that 
net charge-offs could even be a touch lower next quarter on the consumer side.

On Slide 15, in addition to the improvement in consumer delinquency statistics, note the modest changes in 
other stats for both our consumer and commercial portfolios.

Let's move to the various lines of business and some brief comments on their results, starting on Slide 16 
with Consumer Banking. For clients, Consumer Banking continues to deliver strong organic growth driven by 
high-touch and high-tech capabilities, convenience, and security. For shareholders, through NII, in particular, 
this business is increasingly seeing benefits fall to the bottom line for its high-quality deposit book with 
only 61 basis point rate paid on nearly $950 billion of deposits. In Q1, Consumer Banking generated $10.5 
billion in revenue and $2.5 billion in net income. Revenue grew 3% from the first quarter of '24, as NII 
growth was complemented by fee improvement in card on service charges. Expenses rose 6% as we 
continued our business investment and worked through elevated compliance costs.

The organic growth that Brian noted on Slide 3 included nearly 250,000 net new checking accounts this 
quarter, another strong period of card openings, and strong investment account growth. Investment 
balances grew 9% to $498 billion with full year flows of $22 billion and market improvement. Consumer

Banking deposits continued to increase from their mid-August low, that was $928 billion, and it's now at 
$972 billion on an ending basis. Looking at averages deposits grew $5.2 billion from the fourth quarter to 
$948 billion, and our rate paid declined to 61 basis points. Finally, as you can see in the appendix, Slide 26, 
digital adoption and engagement continue to improve, and customer experience scores rose to record levels, 
illustrating the appreciation of enhanced capabilities from these investments.

Moving to Wealth Management on Slide 17. The business had another strong quarter with a continued 
increase in banking product usage from our investing clients, the diversification of the revenue in this 
business continues to grow. The number of clients that have banking products with us continues to grow 
also and is now approaching 2/3 of the client base. Importantly, about 30% of our revenue remains in net 
interest income, which complements the fees earned in our advice-driven model, and those have also grown. 
Net income of $1 billion rose modestly from the first quarter of '24 as solid revenue growth was mostly 
offset by higher revenue-related costs and continued investments.

In Q1, we reported revenue of $6 billion, growing 8% over the prior year, led by 15% growth in asset 
management fees. Expense growth of 9% supported both the cost of the increase in fees, as well as 
investment in technology and the cost of hiring to add experienced advisers to the platform in Merrill and 
the Private Bank. Average loans were up 6% year-over-year. That was driven by growth in custom lending, 
securities-based lending, and a pickup in mortgage lending. Deposits were relatively stable compared to Q4, 
and our pricing discipline resulted in a 25-basis point decline in rates paid.

Both Merrell and the Private Bank continued to see organic growth and produced strong assets under 
management flows of $79 billion over the past 12 months, which reflects a good mix of new client money, 
as well as existing clients putting money to work. We also want to draw your attention to the continued 
digital momentum that you'll find on Slide 28. Our new accounts continue to be predominantly open 
digitally.

On Slide 18, you see the Global Banking results and the loan and deposit gathering success of the team. In 
the first quarter, Global Banking produced earnings of $1.9 billion, modestly lower than the year ago quarter 
as lower credit costs from CRE office losses were more than offset by higher expense of investment in the 
business. Revenue of $6 billion was flat to the prior year, as lower NII was offset by roughly $230 million 
higher other income related to leverage finance positions, as well as higher treasury services revenue. Firm-
wide investment banking fees were $1.5 billion in Q1, similar to last year's first quarter. We maintained our 
#3 investment banking fee position. And looking forward, we've got a healthy pipeline, and our clients are 
simply waiting on more clarity on trade policy and the regulatory environment before committing to deals.

Expense increased 6% year-over-year, driven by continued investments in technology and operations to 
support clients. On the balance sheet, we saw good client activity. As I noted earlier, we saw good growth in 
commercial loans, mitigated by decline in CRE loans. And total average global banking deposits are up 9% 
year-over-year, where we saw strong growth across all categories from corporate and commercial clients on 
the larger end to business banking on the lower end.

Switching to Global Markets on Slide 19. I'll focus my comments on results excluding DVA as we normally 
do. As Brian said, we continued our streak of strong revenue and earnings performance, achieved operating 
leverage, and continued to deliver a good return on capital. In Q1, we earned $1.9 billion, and that grew 8% 
year-over-year. Revenue, again, ex DVA, improved 10% from the first quarter of '24 on good sales and 
trading results and $230 million of other income on leveraged finance positions similar to Global Banking.

Focused on Sales & Trading, ex DVA, revenue improved 9% year-over-year to $5.6 billion. Equities led the 
way this quarter, growing 17% year-over-year, while FICC grew 5%. And Equities and FICC both benefited 
from increased client activity among the market volatility. Year-over-year expenses were up 9% on revenue 
improvement and our continued investments in the business.

On Slide 20, we show -- all other, with a loss of $4 million in Q1 and the driver of the year-over-year 
improvement in expense and net income is the absence of the first quarter '24 FDIC special assessment.

Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 9%, which reflects the discrete impact of share-based 
compensation awards. As a reminder, our tax rate remains well below our typical corporate tax rate driven 
by tax credits related to investments in renewable energy and affordable housing. Looking forward, as we 
said last quarter, we expect the tax rate for the full year 2025 to be in a range of 11% to 13%, excluding 
unusual items.

So let's shift gears to finish. And we'll use Slide 21. Over the last couple of weeks, investors have signaled 
concerns for the banking industry over potential changes in the economy. And in light of that, we added the 
next few slides to illustrate how much stronger our risk profile and balance sheet are today for whatever 
economic outcome we might face. And let me offer 3 important takeaways as you see the next few slides. 
First, we have a vastly improved risk profile from previous periods of economic dislocation. Second, at the 
same time, we strengthened the balance sheet by adding billions of capital and liquidity. Third, following 15 
years of operating under responsible growth, our portfolio and our balance sheet are well prepared to 
support our clients in various economic outcomes.

Now the left side of Slide 21 highlights the shift in the loan portfolio to a more balanced mix of commercial 
and consumer as well as a more geographically-diverse mix. Our high-quality commercial loan portfolio at 
this point is more than 90% investment-grade or collateralized. And it also includes a more diversified 
geographic mix as you see at the bottom of the page. At the top right, you see the improved mix toward a 
more secured, collateralized balance of our consumer book. The bottom right illustrates the 9-quarter loss 
rate and how our 9 quarters – so this isn't annualized, this is 9 quarter – stress loss ratios faired in the Fed 
models and CCAR exams. And we compare quite favorably to peers in each of the past 12 years of exams.

CCAR provides investors an annual independent view to analyze adverse impacts in the most severe 
circumstances. So just to recap, if you went to the latest results from 2024, those scenarios include a drop 
of 6% to 8% in real GDP from peak to trough. It includes a rapid increase in unemployment up to 10% and 
significant changes in inflation. It also assumes housing prices falling 35%. It assumes short rates basically 
go to 0% and the 10-year goes to 1%. And it assumes bond spreads widened dramatically, commercial real 
estate prices decline 40%, and equity prices would drop by 50% together with significant weakness in 
international economies. It also assumes the portfolio size doesn't change from any management actions 
that we might take in that environment, and we obviously do quite well in that CCAR stressed environment.

With that, I'm going to stop. I'll turn it back to Brian for a couple of thoughts to wrap up.

Brian Moynihan 
Thanks, Alastair. And I'm on Slide 22. On that slide, we highlight some of the key balance sheet or asset 
quality statistics of the company has faced important periods of economic disruption, and we compare 
those to the current status. On the left side of the columns, you can see that the fourth quarter of 2009 
illustrates what the company looked like after a couple of years in the financial crisis and after the 
acquisition of Merrill. Second column, obviously, is fourth quarter '19, which represents what we look like 
heading into the pandemic. And now we show you what the company looks like today.

We have a multifarious loan book across types of clients, geographies, and various asset classes. That holds 
us in good stead. In total, our consumer loans are down more than $200 billion, as home equity loans are 
down more than $125 billion and credit card loans -- unsecured credit card loans are down by more than 
$60 billion. This reflected a concentrated effort on us to focus on our relationship loans rather than loans as 
a product and deepen those relationships with the highest-quality prime credit customers. Our Wealth 
Management business has doubled in size in those consumer categories and the relative exposure to those 
borrowers in those loans is very secure as they are highly collateralized and the strength of the borrowers 
underneath it.

In the commercial area, in addition to the more geographic dispersion that Alastair discussed, you can also 
see that the construction lending and land development exposures have been greatly reduced.

At the same time, our equity is $93 billion higher. At Bank of America, we remain obdurate about our 
strength of our balance sheet. We are well reserved for our portfolio and risk profile. On a weighted basis, 
including our model reserves, our imprecision reserves, and our judgmental reserves, it positions us at a 6% 
-- approximately 6% unemployment rate. The current reserve allocation on card is 7.4%, for example, 
against a charge-off rate of about 4%.

When you go to Slide 31, you can see some more statistics about our portfolios -- Slide 23 -- you can see 
more statistics about our portfolios. Let's take a deeper look at those and just a couple of points. On Slide 
23, you can see that in regards to mortgage, between the first and second lien products today, we have a 
total of about $260 billion. On average, our borrowers have FICO scores above 770 and average debt-to-
income ratios of 35% for the residential mortgage product and 39% for the home equity product. Loan to 
values also leave us in strong equity positions being below 50%. For comparative purposes, we entered the 
financial crisis in early 2007, and you can see the exposures were more than $400 billion with average FICO 
scores were 50 to 60 points lower and higher LTVs. So $400 billion more in balances, lower credit scores 
and higher LTVs. And so we've significantly repositioned those portfolios across the last several years.

Moving through the other consumer loan types. You can see the high quality of the collateralized securities-
based asset lending and auto portfolios. And on consumer credit card, we have about $100 billion in 
outstandings with the current net charge-off ratio, as I said, about 4%. The FICO score of our average 
borrower is 777. And thinking about exposure to borrowers less than a current FICO score of 660, we have 
about 12% exposure. Card is really our only consumer unsecured exposure in the portfolio. As comparison, 
heading into the financial crisis in fourth quarter ‘07, we had $150 billion in credit card balance about 1.5x 
of our current balance of card loans. The average FICO score was 55 points lower, and the unused lines of 
those books were much, much higher.

So this strong position allows us to better serve our clients in the times of stress which may come ahead 
according to our projections. Bank of America stands ready to support them as never before. Whether it's a 
commercial client, which needs to help to borrow and navigate the changing economy around the world, 
whether it's a commercial client needs to reposition our debt structure and move money to help participate 
in the economy, we’ll be there for them. If it's a wealthy client who needs advice and counsel on rocky 
periods or loan to get them through, we're there for them. If consumers need access to cash or borrowing, 
we're also there for them.

Bottom line, operating the company in this way allows us to stand tall in times of stress. And these slides 
highlight the importance of having done that across the last many years and the relative important strength 
of our company compared to others. Thank you, and now we'll go to questions and answers, Q&A.

Operator 
We'll take our first question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.

Steven Chubak 
I wanted to start off with one on capital management. Certainly encouraging to see the acceleration in the 
buyback towards that $4.5 billion level. At the same time, you're still running with more than 100 basis 
points of cushion. I was hoping you could speak to, given the uncertainty in the environment, what level of 
CET1 you're currently comfortable running with, in terms of the ratio and whether this $4.5 billion buyback 
level is something that we expect to be sustained over the near to medium term?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. So Steve, if you look at what we did this quarter, just take a look at Slide 8 in the earnings materials. 
Here's a quarter where we ended up earning $7 billion. And it allowed us to step up the share buyback from 
$3.5 billion up to $4.5 billion in an environment where we also invested more RWAs in Global Markets and 
into higher loan balances. So not only do we grow the loans, I'll call them organically, but we also purchased 
8

a loan portfolio this quarter. So we're sort of growing into our capital at this point by investing in the 
business and we still have some flexibility to increase the share buyback. So I don't think we have an 
ultimate destination in mind right now on CET1, recognizing that we don't have full clarity yet on all the 
aspects of capital, and we'd like to see that before we determine it.

But obviously, as you point out, we've got a lot of flexibility -- and we're more focused on just making sure 
that the CET1 is in a good place and then grow into the capital base that we have, and that's probably the 
best way to articulate it.

Steven Chubak 
That's great. And for my follow-up, just on the outlook for loan and deposit growth. You delivered better 
growth across both KPIs relative to peers. I was hoping you could speak to what drove the strength in 1Q 
beyond the portfolio purchase you alluded to earlier. And just bigger picture, the outlook for commercial 
loan growth as tariffs and policy uncertainty have certainly raised concerns regarding weakening loan 
demand, weaker CapEx, what have you.

Brian Moynihan 
So Steven, just on the -- I'll give you the broader thing and also can talk about some of the specifics. 
Remember, over the last several years, we were investing in basically building out more commercial bankers 
across the world, including build-outs in Switzerland and the U.K. and things like that. We built more 
commercial loan officers in the United States and our Global Commercial Banking business under Wendy 
and the team. We've grown more private bankers and more -- in the wealth management team under Merrill, 
what we call wealth management bankers to support those teams we've grown them. So those investments 
are sort of kicking in on that sort of 20-mile march way, just more of a more of a more of it and that just 
keeps driving it through. So that's why you're seeing us sort of do better than the competition just in linked-
quarter loan growth.

When we look forward with all the things you described, that change in economy, business views. Will 
people draw in anticipation of tougher economic times. We'll see all that play out. But the real way -- the 
real reason that we're driving our capabilities is more capacity and then making that -- honestly, we're also 
making that capacity more efficient using some artificial intelligence, machine learning to direct that calling 
capacity, and that's allowed us to take what we call new logos in the commercial business, adding new 
companies for the first time, and you're seeing that having started a couple of years ago is now maturing in 
the balances and outstandings, which it takes a while to bring those clients in, get them underwritten they 
renew once every couple of years, getting the flow, et cetera. So those investments are paying off, and we 
expect that to continue across the board.

Operator 
We'll move next to John McDonald with Truist Securities.

John McDonald 
Thanks for the longer-term perspective on the credit. I just wanted to follow up that. In terms of the loan 
loss reserve, what were the dynamics of the setting of the reserve this quarter in terms of any change in 
weighting of scenarios for the tariffs? And was it set with a 3/31 view or early April view?

Alastair Borthwick 
So John, we said it all the way through the close, but normally, we're focused on the data that we have on 
3/31. And then we have the ability to layer on top, after we model our reserves, we have the ability to layer 
on imprecision and judgmental on top of that. So we did this quarter the same way that we've done in other 
quarters, we went through and assessed using the blue-chip economic indicators, so the consensus view of 
all of the various macro assumptions. That's sometimes different than others who use their own proprietary.

We feel like the right answer is to use the blue-chip consensus. It's more independent. And then we've got 
that as our baseline, and we've got four other scenarios around that. We've got upside and three downside.

And so in this particular quarter, already the blue-chip economic indicators have moved down in terms of 
economic growth. So GDP lower in the baseline. And a little higher on inflation. So that's reflected in the 
baseline before we even get to the weightings. And then weightings this quarter, we -- those are unchanged 
for us. And by the time we then take that modeled answer, and then layer on top of it the judgmental piece 
all the way through the close, we're reserved closer to an unemployment rate that's right around 6% in '25, 
'26, just to give you some idea. So that should give you an idea. We feel like we're pretty well reserved at 
this point.

Brian Moynihan 
John, one of the things we've been looking a lot of sort of what happened because, obviously, CECL came in, 
the pandemic hit sort of the buildup and things like that. But as Alastair said, one of the hard concepts is the 
baseline that we use continues has moved negative over the last couple of quarters, obviously, due to the 
outlook here the last couple of months in to reflect that. But we have a strong reserve position with that 
when you add it all up at the 6% implied level. So we feel good.

John McDonald 
That's helpful. And then on expenses, you previously were looking for the full year expenses this year to be 
up 2% to 3% over last year. How are you feeling about that? Is that still kind of your current thinking?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. That's still our current thinking, John. I mean, I think we said 2% to 3% for the full year. We feel like 
we're on course there. It might be towards the higher end, but we just got to see what happens with fees 
over the course of this year.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global Securities.

Jim Mitchell 
Maybe, Alastair, you were able to absorb 4 cuts this year in your assumptions and maintain the 4Q NII 
target, which is a good thing. As we think about the full impact of the 4 cuts, felt in '26 and potentially a 
few more, does that make it a little more difficult to reach that intermediate-term target NIM of 1.3% by 
the end of next year? Or the fact that you're getting them out of the way this year is helpful. Just trying to 
think through that intermediate-term target.

Alastair Borthwick 
So Jim, first of all, that target’s 2.3%, not 1.3%.

Jim Mitchell 
I'm sorry. Yes

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes, you're letting us off the hook you -- we're aiming at 2.3%, and we still feel like over the course of the 
next couple of years, that's the right answer. For this year's NII, those rate cuts, we've got 4 of them in 
there, but a couple of them are later in the year. So it doesn't have a tremendous impact on 2025. It will be 
a little bit of a headwind in '26. If that, in fact, is the case. But again, we got a lot of time between then and 
there. I feel like last year, at one point, we thought there'd be one rate cut in the curve. Then there was 6, 
then we were back to one, so we got to see how the interest-rate curve develops. But our management 
team's focus and goal has not changed.

Brian Moynihan 
Yes. And Jim, one thing on the rate sensitivities, Remember, those are instantaneous drops, and it takes 
time for the fixed -- our debt portfolio, our debt issuance portfolio, some of it's floating, some of it's fixed, 
it reprices over time. So if they come more over time, you can't quite quit it to the instantaneous drop type 
of things if you got my point because you have other dynamics which helps. So remember that long term,

most economists believe that with the inflation coming back towards the target rate, you'd see the fed 
funds rate ultimately get down to 3.0%, 3.5% type of levels, which is more of a traditional normal – it's hard 
to say in the world we're in now – level. So if that happens, we feel very comfortable if you look back 
historically, the earnings power of this company and the NIM percentages you've talked about with the Fed 
funds rate in that range pushing up 2.3% and beyond is strong.

Jim Mitchell 
Okay. Yes, it makes sense. And just as a follow-up on just sort of the near term, April, we saw a big jump in 
volatility. Just any -- what are you seeing across your business segments, whether we've seen -- you've seen 
deposit flight to safety flows and the volatility in trading. Has that been good volatility, bad volatility? Just 
trying to get a little window into the near term.

Alastair Borthwick 
Well, we've seen significant pickups in customer activity in Global Markets. So the environment there 
remains constructive. We have seen, I'd say, continued -- sort of similar to what we would expect. We 
haven't seen anything like if you were to go back a couple of years around regional banking crisis that 
nothing like that. It's been pretty regular way, I would say, and we just keep driving the deposits day-to-day.

Brian Moynihan 
And Jim, I mentioned it earlier, but just you did specifically ask about it, but what's interesting is you watch 
that consumer money flow spending, if you take a 4-week average, including up to the first 12 days of April, 
it's running at 5%, so it hasn't fallen off. You have to be careful just using 2 weeks because of where Easter 
fell this year versus last year and all that stuff. But basically, it's maintaining that pace. So the consumers 
are still solidly in the game. What they'll do next, different question, but right now, they're still solid even to 
the first part of April.

Operator 
We'll move next to Glenn Schorr with Evercore.

Glenn Schorr 
So another good trading quarter for you guys. So I'm curious, when you benchmark yourself to the top tiers, 
there's probably about $3 billion difference to that biggest platforms. I'm just curious, if you see those big 
gaps to peers, are those gaps that you're choosing to pursue? You mentioned you have the SLR room. You 
have a great equity franchise. I'm just curious on your approach towards is it a capital thing? Is it a risk 
thing? I'm just curious on the high-level thoughts.

Brian Moynihan 
So I think starting a number of years ago, this has been a relentless climb up the ladder and not 
overshooting and having to cut off. So that 3 years of year-over-year growth consecutive quarters that 
other people don't do because there's more volatility. So Jim and the team have been basically building up. 
So what have we done? More capital, probably over 5 or 6 years, $300 billion more balance sheet capacity 
even to this quarter was $60 billion. So we keep adding capabilities, capacity. But remember, the -- and 
we've relentless March, fourth, third, second this category, keep moving up and just keep pursuing it. In 
some areas, like physical commodities, that's not a business where heavily into, and we made a decision 
about that a number of years ago versus core fixed income, where we're stronger, and we've been gaining 
share.

So the idea is to keep gaining share, but at a pace for lack of a better term, in the business, which has 
volatility in it, a pace that capitalizes that volume of revenue into the business and then grows from there, 
as opposed to grabs it and gives it back and grabs and gives it back. It's just the way that Jim and the team 
have driven it and they've done frankly, a very good job doing it. And so expect us to keep gaining share. 
We'll keep closing the gaps that you mentioned. It's getting closer to the third-place gap. But in a given 
quarter, other people may shoot up a little higher because of this element of that element, but our job is to

just to be consistent across all the elements that we participate in and keep driving it, and there's plenty of 
opportunity ahead, and it's not for lack of capital or lack of risk taking; they're taking more risk. And the 
other major thing is the investment in systems here is a competitive moat, frankly, that the amount of work 
you have to do to get this all to work right on a worldwide basis. There's very few of us who can do it.

Glenn Schorr 
I very much appreciate that. And similar to what John said, we’d definitely like to drill down on the extra 
detail around the credit book and history guide. I'm curious on the right now, when you talk about the 
reserving and you took now to give us the further drill down on the exposures, -- is it a traditional regular 
way we're marching towards or closer towards a higher likelihood of recession. And -- or have you gone 
through and assessed the loan book from exposures to the shifting tariff and tax environment, and that's 
bringing the higher attention. I hope that the question is clear. I'm just more talking about the why now and 
what's driving the increased attention?

Brian Moynihan 
Well, why now, of why we put the extra disclosure is just to remind people, we actually -- if you look back, 
we did a lot of this around '19 and '20 because of the same discussion came up. And then in '22 or '23, there 
were the same discussion about we're heading into recessions, consumers are going to spend down their 
money, the consumers -- turned out not to be true, frankly, in the '22-'23 time frame, the consumer held in. 
So if you look, we always are testing every -- on a continuous basis in a trading book stress test, but on a 
quarterly basis across the things. If you think about all the different ways the economy can get knocked into 
recession or potential recession or lower growth. Remember, the whole world is predicting a lot lower 
growth this year than last year. That's not new. That's all -- the Street are economists et cetera. So that the 
growth is slowing down from a 3% growth rate in the third quarter of last year to one-ish type of numbers 
that are a little bit less than one-ish in the blue chip in the first quarter. So over 2 quarters, a pretty good 
drop. So that's all embedded in it.

But what we're trying to give you reassurance is – or a look at it in-depth is – because it's a source of 
strength for us. And we've been working at that hard to ensure that as we go through a crisis, and we've had 
a couple of bumps in the road as we go through a more traditional economic downturn, we will be in great 
shape, and we test that every quarter in lots of different ways. So -- but you sit there and say, "what 
happens if tariffs happen, this happens, this happens.” It's going to result in either GDP negative growth, 
higher inflation, which may then cause GDP negative growth, higher unemployment, et cetera, all those are 
the factors we actually test in granular detail. So it's not necessarily how you get there. It's the outcome of 
getting there. The GDP fall of housing price fall off, unemployment levels, that's what we do. And we want 
to make sure we are positioned at the end of the day that we could serve our clients well and not have to be 
pulling back. And so that's where the underwriting discipline the last decade hold you in good stead if, in 
fact, we do enter recession in the future.

Operator 
We'll move next to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.

Mike Mayo 
Brian, I'm hearing this call and it sounds like it could have been the fourth quarter earnings call. Loans are 
growing, deposits are growing, credit's fine. Consumer spending is slowing, but still growing. You're buying 
back more stock, and I'm just trying to reconcile the $7 trillion of lost stock market wealth with comments 
from you, sounds like you're not blinking. And by the way, I don't think you're alone. It's just seems more 
upbeat relative to what the stock market has done and I'm trying to reconcile those 2 things. So what am I 
missing? Or what are you seeing? Or at what point do you say, "Hey, wait a minute, this is really might be a 
bigger problem?”

Brian Moynihan 
I think, Mike, you're laying out the difference between is and could and might and should, in the future, 
right? So what we're trying to do is make sure people see what is going on today and like you said, for the -- 
and that's why you actually split the 2 pieces of the presentation for the first quarter. Everything you said is 
true: loans, deposits, credit is good, charge-offs went down, delinquencies are down at the end of the 
quarter versus fourth quarter. You're looking at all that and saying, okay, that's what we did. Then if we look 
forward, our economists, your economists, I'm sure, are all predicting a slowdown in growth -- and the core 
question will be when all these different policies and stuff come together, and responses to policies by 
other trading partners to the tariff policies, by the policies on deregulation, working for that, the tax bill, 
which comes out. All that will mix together and come to an outcome.

And our job is to have positioned the company well and take advantage of the opportunities to – and that 
outcome hasn't happened yet. And when it comes to being a good position. And that's why the latter part of 
this was geared to show you the strength of the credit portfolios and other things. At the end of the day, 
you and I know that the real risk and a balance sheet of a bank is going to be its credit posture heading into 
a general recession. Our colleagues have raised their probability of a recession, lowered their growth as the 
blue chips. But even if you look at the people we did, it's a very slight recession, and we should fare well on 
that. But we just don't -- nobody has a perfect crystal ball, whatever the right word is, to the future, but 
we're positioned our company for everything, but we don't want people to lose sight of the strong 
performance of this company and our team in the first quarter of 2025.

Mike Mayo 
Let me take the other side of that. I thought the idea was to make it easier to do business with 
deregulation. And you can see the nominations, people, and then you get the policies. If that narrative plays 
out, how do you think it will be easier to do business at Bank of America and with your customers as it 
relates to deregulation?

Brian Moynihan 
I think the new administration has made it clear that they're going to reduce the regulatory burden along 
two dimensions. Dimension one is, I think, less regulations new and getting other regulations off the book 
of refining based on the view that the pendulum has swung too far -- now talking about banker regulations, 
but it's actually more broad across. The second way is actually reduce the size of the federal administration 
that brings the regulatory inquiries and things like that. So we're seeing some relief. We look forward to 
seeing more relief as the nominees get in position, and the policy outlines can be then drilled throughout 
the teams. But it's critically important that we get this rebalanced.

We want to run a company that is going to be well-capitalized, great liquidity, fair to consumers, et cetera, 
Mike, but sometimes the regulation gets in the way of that and way overshot the issues. And we look 
forward to having come back in the middle. And just take the debate about treasury trading. The SLR 
requires us to hold capital to level against riskless assets and treasuries and cash; that doesn't make a lot of 
sense. And we've been saying that for a long time, and we expect now that there'll be a relief in that that 
will help us provide liquidity to our clients, both in good times and times of stress. But that -- remember, 
our cash and our government-guaranteed securities and government-issued securities, is $1.2 trillion of our 
balance sheet right now, Mike. So think about that in terms of -- and capitalizing that under the SLR at 5% 
or whatever it is. That's a big number. And none of that has any risk attached as you will know. And so that's 
one thing.

The second thing – we saw it again this quarter on some of the expenses – is the operational cost to deal 
with the regulatory push that happened that we tried to talk the last set of administrators into “you’re going 
way too far and you've gone past the substance into form” is a cost that we're going to see come out of the 
system and ought to be reinvested into helping our customers and clients grow.

Mike Mayo 
And short follow-up, the $1.2 trillion in cash and governments where would that be kind of in a more ideal 
world and the operating costs, how much of that could potentially be saved even if you want to give some 
back to the industry, just order of magnitude?

Brian Moynihan 
Yes, I'm not sure it would be tremendously different by hundreds of billions of dollars. But I'd say a few 
hundred billion of it is pure size that we all added to meet a bunch of metrics that I'm not sure are as 
important as people may think they are, and that's proved out. So think of that as our long-term debt 
posture being up higher, et cetera. So -- our job is to -- we've got $2 trillion of deposits, $1 trillion of loans. 
We need to extract the value of that deposit. Our size ought to be more generated by that question. And 
less about, well, we want you to just add stuff because we're not sure that the treasury, the market for repo 
of asset-backed securities will be available at a time of stress or even treasuries. And so therefore, you have 
to more capital and more term funding against -- those are the things which change. So you'd probably see 
it most in our long-term debt footprint coming down relative to size. And our sheer size coming down, I 
don't know, $100 billion, $150 billion. Maybe I think Alastair, probably be a good guess that we've grown 
really just fluffed up the balance sheet to make metrics that are not that important to look good.

Operator 
We'll move next to Erika Najarian with UBS.

Erika Najarian 
Understanding that there's a lot of potential moving pieces in the regulatory agenda or deregulatory agenda, 
I did notice that at the end of the year, your GSIB score would indicate that if you didn't take down your 
exposure this year, you would have a higher GSIB surcharge by January 1, 2027, from what I understand, all 
else being equal. I'm just wondering, Brian, Alastair, if your plans are to reduce this exposure or the message 
is, look, are ROTCE is 13.9% and improving. And so crossing is not going to be a big deal because of the 
PPNR and return power that we see going forward.

Brian Moynihan 
So I think that relates back to -- I think it was Glenn's question about the Markets business, if I remember 
who asked it. At the end of the day, most of what drives that change is the Markets business. There are 
other factors, obviously, Erika, but the big factor is the Markets business. And if they're out there getting 
market share and getting the return on that, we'll keep growing through that. That's, in fact, why we have 
gone up the chunk we've gone up.

Now go back to sort of Mike's point, and frankly, I think embedded in your question. Think about the fact 
that the G-SIB calculations at the time they were set, I think it was up at '12 data or something like that, 
2012 data. The idea, and it's right in the rules, was that they should be indexed, so that our relative position 
Bank of America -- relative position to the industry and the economy, we ought to be able to grow. We've 
had a nominal economy growth of 30% in the last since the pandemic to now just sheer size growth, of 
which there is no adjustment in the G-SIB calculations for that. It was in the statute. It hasn't been 
implemented you've heard in some of the even discussion by the Fed that they would index a lot of that -- 
one of the proposals was from sort of now forward, which then skips all the growth. Our belief is it should 
be indexed more fairly, as designed the statute, because our relative size hasn't grown, even though our 
balance sheet has grown to the economy or to the industry. So why are we more G-SIB sized than we were 
before. So I think that's the 2 sides of trade. Yes, we'd let -- if the Market business can get to returns and 
grow and do it in a way that sticks to the ribs, Jim and the team will grow and that will probably push our G-
SIB. But back up and think about the reality of it; you're now looking at Bank of America and our peers, circa 
2014, '15 off of 2012 data, if I remember the exact date. And think about the sheer size of the U.S. 
economy probably 50%, 60% bigger, and we have not indexed anything for this. And therefore, we're

shrinking our banking size relative to the economy for the same -- without kind of the logic behind it, and 
that's what we've been pushing them about.

Erika Najarian 
Got it. And I'll follow up offline. I just wanted to squeeze my second question in, follow-up on the net 
interest income outlook for the fourth quarter. You helped us with the exit points on both balance sheet and 
net interest margin in the last call. If I recall, it was flat to fourth quarter levels in 2024, and I think a 2.05%, 
2.10% net interest margin. Are those points still so valid in terms of what's underneath the surface of that 
4Q '25 exit NII. Obviously, the balance sheet is bigger because of market in the first quarter.

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. I think you've captured it, Erika. You're exactly right. And we're comfortable with that.

Operator 
We'll take our next question from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Matt O’Connor 
I just want to follow up on the concept of growing into the capital. Slide 8 here has a really good walk on 
the capital and the puts and takes. And I guess I want to hone in on the RWA growth and just think about 
that going forward. Obviously, there's some increase in 1Q from seasonal stuff in Markets, but maybe it 
won't be as much going forward and the loan growth might pick up a little bit. But what I'm getting at is: it's 
not that clear to me that you're going to use all the capital that you're generating and the excess from 
organic growth. It does feel like the buybacks at some point will be at a pretty robust pace. So long story, 
one question just to summarize, like talk about the capital consumption in a little more detail from organic 
growth and the interplay buyback.

Brian Moynihan 
Matt, I think you sort of answered your own question in the question because you could see that a $16 
billion RWA increase in a quarter where Markets tends to be bigger just because of the nature of it. So 
that's on $1.7 trillion, so less than a percent growth in RWA and the earnings grow through. So we will 
always, always, always deploy capital into the businesses at whatever they need to grow the businesses 
with the right returns. That -- that's a given.

In fact, the efficiency of our RWA deployment is something we're working all the time, and that's why you 
can see the growth in size relative to RWA, and we think we have room to go on this is always than the 
overall growth in the loans and deposits. And so we'll continue to work at efficiencies. But you've got it 
exactly right. The capital goes deployed to support the business. It's going into a much the business's 
demands for that are a much lower rate than the capital accumulation. And then we turn around and say, 
what do we do with it? Well, you have a common dividend, obviously, and then the rest goes to buybacks, 
and you saw us step that up this quarter, as Alastair said earlier, to $4.5 billion. This meaning the first 
quarter.

Matt O’Connor 
Okay. And then just separately, that all other fee line on a consolidated basis was pretty close to breakeven 
versus normally a loss because of some of your tax credits. Is that just some lumpy items like loan sale 
gains or marks given some of the things that we saw in the marketplace this quarter for 1Q.

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. No, you got that mostly right. The other income line this quarter as in every quarter, it's generally most 
impacted by what's going on with our tax credit activity and often it depends on the timing of the 
completion of really long-dated projects. It could be solar, could be wind farms, could be housing. So in any 
given quarter, there can be some timing there where we catch up in later quarters. But in this particular 
quarter, in addition to that, we've got the leverage finance positions that we referred to.

We'd written those down in prior quarters. So when we sold them this period for a gain that accounts for a 
reasonable amount of the delta. And then the only other thing you just got to remember is we had that legal 
settlement, pretty long-dated one, got that cleaned up. A little bit of Visa B cleaned up this quarter. So 
there's some one-timers that offset that, but it's probably worth about $0.03 this quarter, just to give you 
some idea.

Operator 
We’ll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Graseck 
Great quarter. I did have 2 quick questions. One was on, Brian, earlier in the call, we talked about how some 
of the commercial loan growth was being generated by the investments you've been making in particular, 
one of the areas, international. So I just wanted to, with this tariff overhang that we have going forward, 
how do you think about that investment spend in the international markets -- do you step it up? Do you pull 
it back? Is it an opportunity? Is it a threat of risk? Just wanted to understand that angle from you.

Brian Moynihan 
So I think a lot of that's to be played out. That's but we would continue to invest where we see the 
opportunities. And where we see opportunity outside the United States is with the teams that we have that 
have been in these countries, Japan for -- since the day after World War 2 ended, India for 65-plus years, 
Australia for 60-plus years, European countries for many years. We are deeply embedded in those countries. 
And the idea was we basically coming from pure multinational largest companies in those national 
champions and taken around the world and taking companies from outside that particular country into those 
countries, we will then, we're now moving down a notch in size, strong family-owned businesses in the 
production supply chains for a business we understand.

I don't think that will change dramatically. The product -- the goods and products start to be produced. And 
so -- we'll continue to work with -- watching our clients and helping try to figure out what this all means to 
them in terms of supply chain alignment and things like that. So I think it's it may ebb and flow. But 
remember, when you then take the other side of where the investment is in the United States, that's where 
it's just a larger factor in terms of the overall commercial business, meaning small business; we're the 
largest small business lender in the United States by quite a bit. And those loans are growing; small 
business, meaning FDIC loans under $1 million, which we both have in our consumer business and our 
business banking area and then middle market, largest -- one of the largest lenders in the United States and 
the large corporates. So we -- because of the diversity of our company, we'll see what might not be as 
possible in a place due to the dynamics you're describing, may be more possible in a place like Georgia.

So we'll keep playing this out. But the goal was to have relationship manager investments on a relentless 
pace to keep adding our team that's dedicated towards handling client relationships and then frankly, 
making it more efficient by the use of machine learning now, AI to make them more and more efficient and 
also where to call, who to call on the prospect list we have. And we're seeing that take hold and that's where 
you're seeing these logos just build up in new client acquisition.

Betsy Graseck 
Okay. And that was my second question on the small business side. Can you help us understand what you're 
seeing today from small business? I know you've -- you are, as you mentioned, the largest small business 
lender and you've had significant loan growth over the past several years in small business. Way ahead of 
peers. And so you're the closest to these folks in our world, and I would love to understand how are they 
thinking about investing in this environment with tariff overhang?

Brian Moynihan 
Betsy, they're just trying to figure it out. And so they see the policies along multiple dimensions: 
deregulations, the tariff policy, immigration policies, et cetera, and look at all of it and say -- and tax policy. 
And so they're trying to figure out how it affects their business. At the end of the day, today, they're

producing the goods, and the goods are going out in the stream and being sold, but they're trying to figure 
out how that relates to it. And there's the concerns, I think, that were interesting is for a while, it was 
inflation, obviously, coming through last year when that was a discussion -- then it's interesting flip to labor 
again, which was a little bit unique in that they're trying to make sure they get the qualified employees that 
need to operate.

But if you look about it, they're basically sanguine on the current environment, but they're worried about 
how this will affect their businesses and where they should invest. And I think that's slowing down some of 
their decision path right now, because they're trying to figure out if my goods and services will be able to 
pass through the price, do I need to change my business plans in terms of growth, should I buy that piece of 
equipment. That's why line usage has been relatively muted still and we continue to try to grow it. Now 
there's areas which in our small business growth, which are sort of recession resistant, which is like in 
health care. We have a big business lending to docs and veterinarians and other people involved in the 
practice. And those things tend to have less impact by the issues in a moment because the services 
business and things like that.

So I think it depends on the business, it depends on location, depends on whether in services or whether in 
goods. But right now, if they look at the last quarter, just like we're going to look at it, looks pretty strong, 
then they're going to sit there and say, read the papers and see all the things coming at them and saying, 
should I slow down my decisioning. That, I think, is the worry -- because once they talk themselves into 
slowing down, it will be a while until they get restarted right now, I think it's more thoughts and then worry 
is, and they've got to see this settle in it. And when it settles in, then they know how to run their business. 
But right now, it's very unsettling for them.

Operator 
We'll move next to Ken Usdin with Autonomous Research.

Ken Usdin 
Thank you again for the interest income outlook slide, the waterfall. I wanted to ask on the fixed-rate asset 
repricing bucket, can you help us understand how much is rolling off each quarter in the HTM securities and 
mortgage loan books and what you're getting from that? And then also as we get closer to that second half 
benefit on the cash flow hedges, what type of pickups are you imagining in terms of like new fixed rate 
versus received rate versus what's rolling off?

Alastair Borthwick 
So Ken, on hold-to-maturity, if you look back over the last 14 quarters, it's sort of been around $8 billion, $9 
billion a quarter. It depends a little on the seasonality as we go through the year, so $8 billion this quarter, 
but maybe $9 billion next quarter. And normally, when those are rolling off, we're picking up 200, 225 basis 
points, just to give you some idea. So that's that bucket. Around residential mortgages, let's say, we're 
originating $5 billion a quarter. Typically, we're picking up a couple of hundred basis points, sometimes more 
on those just depends on prevailing market rates. So think about that being $5 billion at a couple of hundred 
basis points or more. And then the cash flow swaps, we'll talk more about those as we go into the second 
half, but you can think about that as being something where we're probably picking up 150 basis points or 
so. It just depends on any given quarter. So we'll give you a little more guidance as we get closer.

Ken Usdin 
Okay. Great. And then second question, you guys did another great job getting deposit costs down 20 basis 
points for the second straight quarter. As you contemplate this growth that you're seeing and continuing, 
how do you think about just how much you can continue to reduce rates paid relative to how you're seeing 
just the overall cost of funding?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. So I don't think we'll have any change in our philosophy there. We felt like -- when it comes to the 
commercial and the wealth clients in particular, where they have interest-bearing balances, we just passed

through the cuts. And then as it relates to the consumer book, we've got an awful lot of noninterest-bearing 
there, obviously. So really, your focus there on the piece that's in the CDs and then the preferred deposits. 
And there, again, we tend to pass that through as it comes through. So -- so it's trickier obviously, in 
consumer. We're paying 61 basis points on $950 billion. But even there, just because we still have some CDs 
outstanding, and we still have some preferred. We were able to take that down last quarter and look to do 
that again in the future.

Operator 
And we'll take our last question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.

Gerard Cassidy 
You guys did a very good job in giving us the details about what it looked like back in 2009 versus today on 
Slide 22. And if we move up to Slide 21, you can see the consumer loan portfolio has obviously been 
derisked, as you pointed out. I'd like to ask a question about is the commercial loan portfolio, particularly the 
growth -- can you guys share with us some of the companies you have that we're not going to see some 
issues here, particularly if you look at the dark blue non-U.S. commercial has grown very, very strongly over 
this time period. And -- what can you share with us about the risk in this portfolio relative to maybe 2009?

Alastair Borthwick 
Yes. So I'll start, Gerard, I'd say we felt like over time as we've become a more global and international 
company than maybe we were in 2007, it was important for us to diversify the loan book outside of just the 
U.S., and it was appropriate because we've got to support clients who are multinationals in the United 
States, operating around the world and multinationals around the world who also operate and sell into the 
United States and other places.

So -- that's natural, I think, we've kind of supported that over time. And that's been a big part of our growth 
over a 15-year period. Now in terms of commercial, if you look at the loan growth overall, I'd say we're 
pretty diversified in the way we look at that. So all lines of business grew last quarter. So that's Small 
Business banking, it's Business Banking. It's the Commercial Bank, ex-CRE. It's the Global Corporate 
Investment Bank, it's Global Markets and its Wealth in terms of their commercial exposure. So a little bit of 
it is diversification in all lines of business. And then if you looked at the book itself for the most part, as we 
talked about it secured, it's investment-grade. We always think about good client selection. It's the sort of 
people who can make it through any environment. That's where we're investing and partnering. And we've 
had virtually no charge-offs. So then when you turn to like the Global Markets business that, again, very 
diversified, all assets, all client types across things like asset banks and mortgage warehouse and credit 
financing and subscription.

So we feel like this book is in very good shape. We feel like they're the right clients. And then for our teams, 
it's just about driving the relationship deepening to make sure that we're seeing benefit not just in the loan 
portfolio, but in the other things we do across the platform.

Gerard Cassidy 
Very good. Very insightful. And then as a follow-up, Alastair, you guys mentioned that the credit card charge-
off ratio was a seasonally higher number just over 4.0%. And when we go back to the first quarter of '24 
and '23, obviously, the charge-off levels were lower. Can you -- and especially with the unemployment rate 
remaining as low as it has over the last couple of years, is the higher level due to some of that FICO score 
inflation we've read about during the pandemic? What do you guys account for the number being where it is 
today versus the last couple of first quarters of each of those prior years, considering that the 
unemployment rate, for example, has not gone up that much.

Brian Moynihan 
Yes. I think I'd flip it around the other way, Gerard, that with all the stimulus and all the -- after the 
pandemic, wage growth for inflation, the stimulus that came in, just sheer cash, you saw these things drop 
to levels that we knew wouldn't hold, right, meaning charge-off rates on the cards went way down. And all

you've seen now is sort of normalized around where it was in a very good credit period for our company in 
the 2019 pre-pandemic type of era. So that's just normalization. I wouldn't over-read that. It's a comparative 
period.

So if you look relative to 2019, 2018, you'd see that those charge-off rates running 3.5%-ish plus or minus 
percent or similar that we have now. So we feel good about it. The important thing is if you look at 
stressing that portfolio like we do, you could see that the losses are projected, whether it's in the CCAR 
process our own internal stress test. If you take it across 9 quarters, it doesn't come -- it's closer to 
honestly, the charge-off rage we actually underwrote to prior to the financial crisis. We underwrote to like a 
5.5% charge-off rate in normal times, and then it would go up from there. And so it's a much more core 
book driven at a very strong performance through crisis.

So I think I just -- I think it's just normalizing more to where it was in the relatively good credit times in 
2019 rather than any significant movement. And in fact, we said that as we came through last year over and 
over again, people kept doubting it. What you've seen is delinquency actually have fallen and it's flattened 
out in terms of the $1 billion charge-off level on cards.

Brian Moynihan 
Okay. Well, thank you. I think that's all our questions. I just wanted to think about 2 or 3 things. One, thanks 
to the team for another good quarter. And thank you all for participating in our call. Number two, as I said 
earlier, the story of the first quarter is a strong operating performance, good organic client activity, growth 
in revenue and earnings, managed expenses well. And at a period of time, we continue to make investments 
to position the company for the future.

On the other hand, we gave you the latter part of this presentation to show you our multifarious loan book 
and how that diversity of types of clients and collateral types and geographies and all that holds us in good 
stead as not only by our own internal models, but also by the comparison of stress test. In addition, we 
talked about how we're well reserved heading into whatever may be in front of us. So our job is to serve our 
clients in all times, and that's what we plan to do. Thank you.

Disclaimer 
Certain statements contained in this document constitute “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current beliefs 
and  expectations,  are  not  guarantees  of  future  results  or  performance  and  involve  certain  known  and  unknown 
uncertainties  and assumptions  that are  difficult  to  predict  and are  often  beyond  the  control  of Bank  of  America. 
Actual  outcomes  and  results  may  differ  materially  from  those  expressed  in,  or  implied  by,  forward-looking 
statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the risks and 
uncertainties discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) filings, available on the Bank of America and SEC websites.
</Bank of America PPT>

<Bank of America RESULT>
special assessment), or adjusted diluted earnings per 
share of $0.832

• Revenue, net of interest expense, of $25.8 billion decreased 
$440 million, or 2%, including higher investment banking 
and asset management fees, as well as sales and trading 
revenue, and lower net interest income (NII)
– NII decreased 3% to $14.0 billion ($14.2 billion FTE),(C) as 
higher deposit costs more than offset higher asset yields 
and modest loan growth

– Net charge-offs of $1.5 billion increased from $1.2

• Noninterest expense of $17.2 billion increased $1.0 billion,

or 6%
– Excluding FDIC special assessment, adjusted noninterest 
expense of $16.5 billion increased approximately $300 
million, or 2%2

• Average deposit balances of $1.91 trillion increased

$14 billion vs. Q1-23

$1.95 trillion vs. Q4-23

• Average loans and leases of $1.05 trillion were up 1%

• CET1 ratio of 11.8% (Standardized);(F) 184 bps above

• Returned $4.4 billion to shareholders through common

• Book value per common share rose 7% to $33.71; tangible

book value per common share rose 9% to $24.799

• Return on average common shareholders' equity (ROE) ratio 
of 9.4%; return on average tangible common shareholders' 
equity (ROTCE) ratio of 12.7%;9 adjusted ROE of 10.2%2 
and adjusted ROTCE of 13.8%2

• Net income of $2.7 billion 
• Revenue of $10.2 billion, down 5%
• Average deposits of $952 billion, down 7%; 32% above pre-pandemic levels 
• Average loans and leases of $313 billion increased $9 billion, or 3%
• Combined credit / debit card spend of $219 billion, up 5% 
•  Client Activity

– Record 36.9 million consumer checking accounts with 92% being primary5
– Small Business checking accounts of 3.9 million, up 2%
– Record consumer investment assets of $456 billion grew 29%; including

– Digital logins of 3.4 billion; digital sales represented 50% of total sales

• Net income of $1.0 billion
• Record revenue of $5.6 billion increased 5%
• Client balances of nearly $4 trillion, up 13%, driven by higher market

– Added over 7,300 net new relationships across Merrill and Private Bank
– AUM balances of $1.7 trillion, up $263 billion
– 76% of Merrill eligible accounts opened digitally

• Net income of $2.0 billion
• Total investment banking fees (excl. self-led) of $1.6 billion, up 35%
• No. 3 in investment banking fees6
• Client Activity

• Net income of $1.7 billion 
• Sales and trading revenue up less than 1% to $5.1 billion, including net debit 
valuation adjustment (DVA) losses of $85 million; Fixed Income, Currencies 
and Commodities (FICC) revenue down 6% to $3.2 billion, and Equities 
revenue up 14% to $1.9 billion

• Excluding net DVA,(G) sales and trading revenue up 2% to $5.2 billion; FICC

revenue down 4% to $3.3 billion, and Equities revenue up 15% to $1.9 billion

“We reported a strong quarter as our businesses performed well, adding clients and deepening relationships. We reached 36.9 million consumer 
checking accounts, with 21 consecutive quarters of net checking account growth. Our Wealth Management team generated record revenue, with 
record client balances, and investment banking rebounded. Bank of America’s sales and trading businesses continued their strong 2023 momentum 
this quarter, reporting the best first quarter in over a decade. Continued strong earnings and strong expense management both position our 
company to continue to drive our market leading positions across our businesses.”

See pages 10 and 11 for endnotes. Amounts may not total due to rounding.
1 Revenue, net of interest expense.
2 Adjusted net income, adjusted EPS, adjusted noninterest expense, adjusted ROE, and adjusted ROTCE represent non-GAAP financial measures. For more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial

measures, see Endnote A on page 10. Q1-24 adjusted noninterest expense of $16.5B is calculated as reported noninterest expense of $17.2B, less the FDIC special assessment of $0.7B.

3 Financial Highlights and Business Segment Highlights are compared to the year-ago quarter unless noted. Loan and deposit balances are shown on an average basis unless noted.
4 The Corporation reports the results of operations of its four business segments and All Other on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis.
5 Represents the percentage of consumer checking accounts that are estimated to be the customer’s primary account based on multiple relationship factors (e.g., linked to their direct deposit).
6 Source: Dealogic as of March 31, 2024.
7 Preliminary as of March 31, 2024.
8 Includes repurchases to offset shares awarded under equity-based compensation plans.
9 Tangible book value per common share and return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity ratio represent non-GAAP financial measures. For more information, see page 19.

“The first quarter saw continued organic growth in our businesses as we grew loans and deposits from Q1-23. We saw increased digital 
engagement as clients utilized the power of the Bank of America platform to meet their financial needs. Our net income was $6.7 billion, and 
we were able to return $4.4 billion to shareholders through common stock dividends and share repurchases this quarter.”

($ in billions, except per share data)
Total revenue, net of interest expense
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense
Pretax income
Pretax, pre-provision income2(H)
Income tax expense
Net income
Diluted earnings per share
Return on average assets
Return on average common shareholders’ equity
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity2
Efficiency ratio
1 Amounts in this column (other than total revenue, net of interest expense, and provision for credit losses) are adjusted for the FDIC special assessment accrual. Adjusted amounts

represent non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information and a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, 
see Endnote A on page 10.

2 Pretax, pre-provision income and return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity represent non-GAAP financial measures. For more information, see page 19.

1 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the Standardized approach. For additional information on regulatory capital ratios, see Endnote F on page 11.

•  Net income of $2.7 billion

•  Revenue of $10.2 billion decreased 5%, driven

•  Provision for credit losses of $1.2 billion vs.

$1.1 billion in Q1-23
– Net reserve build of $6 million(D) in Q1-24 vs.

– Net charge-offs of $1.1 billion increased

•  Noninterest expense of $5.5 billion relatively flat

• More than 1.6 million digital sales, representing 50%

• Record 3.4 billion digital logins, up 9% 
• New Zelle® records: 21.9 million active users, up 12%; 
sent and received 348 million transactions, worth 
$106 billion, both up 27%

Risk-adjusted margin
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Revenue, net of interest expense.
3 The Consumer credit card portfolio includes Consumer Banking and GWIM.
4  Represents the percentage of consumer checking accounts that are estimated to be the

customer’s primary account based on multiple relationship factors (e.g., linked to their direct

deposit).
5  Consumer investment assets includes client brokerage assets, deposit sweep balances, Bank

of America, N.A. brokered CDs, and AUM in Consumer Banking.

6 As of February 2024. Includes clients in Consumer, Small Business and GWIM.
7 Household adoption represents households with consumer bank login activities in a 90-day

period, as of February 2024.

Continued Business Leadership
• No. 1 in estimated U.S. Retail Deposits(a)
• No. 1 Online Banking and Mobile Banking Functionality(b) 
• No. 1 Small Business Lender(c)
• Best Bank in North America(d)
• Best Consumer Digital Bank in the U.S.(e)
• Best Bank in the U.S. for Small and Medium Enterprises(f)
• Certified by J.D. Power for Outstanding Client Satisfaction with Customer

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

•  Net income of $1.0 billion

•  Record revenue of $5.6 billion increased 5%, driven

• Noninterest expense of $4.3 billion increased 5%,

Merrill Wealth Management Highlights1
Client Engagement
– Record client balances of $3.3 trillion(B)
– AUM balances of $1.4 trillion
– ~6,500 net new households in Q1-24

Return on average allocated 
capital
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Revenue, net of interest expense.
3 Percentage of digitally active Merrill primary households ($250K+ in investable assets within

the enterprise) as of March 2024. Excludes Stock Plan and Banking-only households.

only, and 529 only) that receive statements digitally, as of February.

transactions, as of February for Private Bank and as of March for Merrill.

February 2024. Includes third-party activities and excludes Irrevocable Trust-only relationships, 
Institutional Philanthropic relationships, and exiting relationships.

• No. 1 on Barron’s Top 1200 Wealth Financial Advisors List (2024)
• No. 1 on Financial Planning's 'Top 40 Advisors Under 40' List (2024)
• No. 1 in personal trust AUM(h)
• Best Private Bank (U.S.), Best Private Bank for Philanthropic

• Best for Philanthropic Advisory and Best for Next Gen in the U.S. and

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

• Net income of $2.0 billion

• Revenue of $6.0 billion decreased 4%, driven

• Provision for credit losses of $229 million vs. 
provision benefit of $237 million in Q1-23

– Net reserve release of $121 million vs. $324

• Noninterest expense of $3.0 billion increased 2%

Business Highlights1,2(B)
• Total Corporation investment banking fees (excl.

self-led) of $1.6 billion increased 35%

• Record total mobile sign-ins at 1.75 million,

($ in billions)
Average deposits
Average loans and leases
Total Corp. IB fees 
(excl. self-led)
Global Banking IB fees
Business Lending revenue
Global Transaction Services 
revenue
Efficiency ratio
Return on average allocated 
capital
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted.
2 Global Banking and Global Markets share in certain deal economics from investment banking,

loan origination activities, and sales and trading activities.

3 Revenue, net of interest expense.
4 Source: Dealogic as of March 31, 2024.
5 Includes CashPro, BA360, and Global Card Access. CashPro data as of February.

• Best Transaction Bank in North America(q)
• 2023 Share & Excellence Awards for U.S. Large Corporate Banking &

• Relationships with 74% of the Global Fortune 500; 95% of the U.S.

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

•  Net income of $1.7 billion

– Excluding net DVA, net income of $1.8 billion4
•  Revenue of $5.9 billion increased 5%, driven by 
higher investment banking fees and sales and 
trading revenue

• Noninterest expense of $3.5 billion increased 
4%, driven by investments in the business, 
including technology

Business Highlights1,2,3(B)
• Sales and trading revenue of $5.1 billion

increased less than 1%; excluding net DVA, up 2%(G)
– FICC revenue decreased 6% (ex. DVA, down 4%),(G)

– Equities revenue increased 14% (ex. DVA,

Total revenue 
(excl. net DVA)2,3,4
Provision (benefit) for 
credit losses
Noninterest expense

Net income 
(excl. net DVA)4

Sales and trading revenue 
(excl. net DVA)4(G)
Global Markets IB fees

Efficiency ratio
Return on average allocated 
capital
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. The explanations for current period-
over-period changes for Global Markets are the same for amounts including and excluding

loan origination activities, and sales and trading activities.

3 Revenue, net of interest expense. 
4 Revenue and net income, excluding net DVA, are non-GAAP financial measures. See Endnote G

on page 11 for more information.

Continued Business Leadership
• World's Best Bank for Markets(m)
• Currency Derivatives House of the Year(s)
• Derivatives House & Foreign Exchange Derivatives House of the Year(t)
• North America Structured Finance House of the Year(t)
• Best Bank in the U.S. for Sustainable Finance(i)
• No. 1 Global Equity Research Provider(u)
• No. 1 Municipal Bonds Underwriter(v)
• No. 1 U.S. Asset-Backed Securities Underwriting(w)

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

• Noninterest expense of $1.0 billion included an

($696)
Net income (loss)
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted.
2 Revenue, net of interest expense.

Note: All Other primarily consists of asset and liability management (ALM) activities, liquidating 
businesses and certain expenses not otherwise allocated to a business segment. ALM activities 
encompass interest rate and foreign currency risk management activities for which substantially 
all of the results are allocated to our business segments.

• Total net charge-offs of $1.5 billion increased

– Consumer net charge-offs of $1.0 billion increased

– Credit card loss rate of 3.62% in Q1-24 vs. 3.07%

• Net charge-off ratio2 of 0.58% increased 13 bps

•  Provision for credit losses of $1.3 billion

• Allowance for loan and lease losses of $13.2 billion

represented 1.26% of total loans and leases3 
– Total allowance for credit losses of $14.4 billion 
included $1.2 billion for unfunded commitments

• Nonperforming loans (NPLs) of $5.9 billion increased

$24.5 billion increased $1.2 billion from Q4-23

Allowance for loan and lease 
losses ratio3
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Net charge-off ratio is calculated as annualized net charge-offs divided by average

outstanding loans and leases during the period.

divided by loans and leases outstanding at the end of the period.

Note: Ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option.

1 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For reconciliation, see page 19.

In Q1-24, the FDIC increased its estimate of the loss to the Deposit Insurance Fund arising from the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature 
Bank that will be recouped through the collection of a special assessment from certain insured depository institutions. Accordingly, the Corporation 
recorded  pretax  noninterest  expense  of  $0.7B  to  increase  its  accrual  for  its  estimated  share  of  the  special  assessment.  The  Corporation  has 
presented certain non-GAAP financial measures (labeled as “adj.” in the tables below) that exclude the impact of the FDIC special assessment (FDIC 
SA) and has provided a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures as set forth 
below. The Corporation believes the use of non-GAAP financial measures adjusting for the impact of the FDIC SA provides additional information for 
evaluating  its  results  of  operations  and  comparing  its  operational  performance  between  periods  by  excluding  these  impacts  that  may  not  be 
reflective of its underlying operating performance.

Note: Amounts may not total due to rounding.

1 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information see Endnote H and for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP

financial measure, see page 19.

2  Calculated  as  net  income  applicable  to  common  shareholders  divided  by  average  diluted  common  shares.  Average  diluted  common  shares  of

3 Calculated as net income divided by average assets. Average assets were $3,247B for Q1-24.
4 Calculated as net income applicable to common shareholders divided by average common shareholders’ equity. Average common shareholders’

equity was $264B for Q1-24.

5  Calculated  as  net  income  applicable  to  common  shareholders  divided  by  average  tangible  common  shareholders’  equity.  Average  tangible 
common shareholders’ equity was $194B for Q1-24. Average tangible common shareholders’ equity represents a non-GAAP financial measure. 
For more information and a reconciliation of average tangible common shareholders’ equity to average shareholders’ equity, see page 19.

6 Calculated as noninterest expense divided by revenue, net of interest expense.

We present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance indicators (KPIs) that management uses when assessing consolidated and/or segment results. We believe 
this information is useful because it provides management and investors with information about underlying operational performance and trends. KPIs are presented in 
Consolidated and Business Segment Highlights on page 1, Balance Sheet, Liquidity, and Capital Highlights on page 9 and on the Segment pages for each segment.

Reserve  Build  (or  Release)  is  calculated  by  subtracting  net  charge-offs  for  the  period  from  the  provision  for  credit  losses  recognized  in  that  period.  The  period-end 
allowance, or reserve, for credit losses reflects the beginning of the period allowance adjusted for net charge-offs recorded in that period plus the provision for credit 
losses and other valuation accounts recognized in that period.

Global Liquidity Sources (GLS) include cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities, inclusive of U.S. government securities, U.S. agency securities, U.S. agency 
mortgage-backed securities, and a select group of non-U.S. government and supranational securities, and other investment-grade securities, and are readily available to 
meet funding requirements as they arise. It does not include Federal Reserve Discount Window or Federal Home Loan Bank borrowing capacity. Transfers of liquidity 
among legal entities may be subject to certain regulatory and other restrictions.

Regulatory  capital  ratios  at  March  31,  2024  are  preliminary.  The  Corporation  reports  regulatory  capital  ratios  under  both  the  Standardized  and  Advanced  approaches. 
Capital  adequacy  is  evaluated  against  the  lower  of  the  Standardized  or  Advanced  approaches  compared  to  their  respective  regulatory  capital  ratio  requirements.  The 
Corporation’s binding ratio was Total capital ratio under the Standardized approach for March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and the Common equity tier 1 ratio 
under the Standardized approach for March 31, 2023.

The  below  table  includes  Global  Markets  sales  and  trading  revenue,  excluding  net  DVA,  which  is  a  non-GAAP  financial  measure.  We  believe  that  the  presentation  of 
measures  that  exclude  this  item  is  useful  because  such  measures  provide  additional  information  to  assess  the  underlying  operational  performance  and  trends  of  our 
businesses and to allow better comparison of period-to-period operating performance.

($76) million, ($127) million and $11 million, and Equities net DVA gains (losses) were ($9) million, ($5) million and $3 million, respectively.

Pretax,  pre-provision  income  (PTPI)  is  a  non-GAAP  financial  measure  calculated  by  adjusting  consolidated  pretax  income  to  add  back  provision  for  credit  losses. 
Management believes that PTPI is a useful financial measure as it enables an assessment of the Company’s ability to generate earnings to cover credit losses through 
a  credit  cycle  and  provides  an  additional  basis  for  comparing  the  Company's  results  of  operations  between  periods  by  isolating  the  impact  of  provision  for  credit 
losses, which can vary significantly between periods. For Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures, see page 19.

Estimated U.S. retail deposits based on June 30, 2023 FDIC deposit data.

Javelin 2023 Online and Mobile Banking Scorecards.

FDIC, Q4-23.

Global Finance, March 2023.

Global Finance, August 2023.

Global Finance, October 2023.

J.D. Power 2024 Financial Health Support CertificationSM is based on exceeding customer experience benchmarks using client surveys and a best 
practices verification. For more information, visit jdpower.com/awards.*

Industry Q4-23 FDIC call reports.

Global Finance, 2024.

Euromoney, 2024.

With Intelligence, 2024.

Global Finance, 2023.

Euromoney, 2023.

Treasury Management International, 2024.

Global Finance Treasury & Cash Management Awards, 2023.

Celent, 2024.

The Banker, 2023.

Coalition Greenwich, 2023.

Risk.net, 2024.*

Institutional Investor, 2023.

LSEG, 2024 YTD.

Asset Securitization Report, 2023.

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan and Chief Financial Officer Alastair Borthwick will discuss first-quarter 
2024 financial results in a conference call at 8:30 a.m. ET today. The presentation and supporting materials 
can be accessed on the Bank of America Investor Relations website at
https://investor.bankofamerica.com.*

For a listen-only connection to the conference call, dial 1.877.200.4456 (U.S.) or 1.785.424.1732 
(international). The conference ID is 79795. Please dial in 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. Investors 
can access replays of the conference call by visiting the Investor Relations website or by calling 
1.800.934.4850 (U.S.) or 1.402.220.1178 (international) from noon April 16 through 11:59 p.m. ET on April 26.

Investors May Contact:
Lee McEntire, Bank of America
Phone: 1.980.388.6780
lee.mcentire@bofa.com

Jonathan G. Blum, Bank of America (Fixed Income)
Phone: 1.212.449.3112
jonathan.blum@bofa.com

Reporters May Contact:
Bill Halldin, Bank of America
Phone: 1.916.724.0093
william.halldin@bofa.com

Bank of America
Bank of America is one of the world’s leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses 
and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products 
and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving approximately 69 million consumer and 
small business clients with approximately 3,800 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and 
award-winning digital banking with approximately 57 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth 
management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, 
governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 
million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients 
through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: 
BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

Forward-Looking Statements
Bank of America Corporation (the Corporation) and its management may make certain statements that constitute “forward-looking 
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by the fact that 
they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as “anticipates,” “targets,” 
“expects,” “hopes,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “goals,” “believes,” “continue” and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs 
such as “will,” “may,” “might,” “should,” “would” and “could.” Forward-looking statements represent the Corporation’s current expectations, 
plans or forecasts of its future results, revenues, liquidity, net interest income, provision for credit losses, expenses, efficiency ratio, capital 
measures, strategy, deposits, assets, and future business and economic conditions more generally, and other future matters. These 
statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
that are difficult to predict and are often beyond the Corporation’s control. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those 
expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking statements.

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the following uncertainties and risks, as well as 
the risks and uncertainties more fully discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in 
any of the Corporation’s subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings: the Corporation’s potential judgments, orders, settlements, 
penalties, fines and reputational damage resulting from pending or future litigation and regulatory investigations, proceedings and 
enforcement actions, including as a result of our participation in and execution of government programs related to the Coronavirus Disease 
2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, such as the processing of unemployment benefits for California and certain other states; the possibility that the 
Corporation's future liabilities may be in excess of its recorded liability and estimated range of possible loss for litigation, and regulatory and 
government actions; the possibility that the Corporation could face increased claims from one or more parties involved in mortgage 
securitizations; the Corporation’s ability to resolve representations and warranties repurchase and related claims; the risks related to the 
discontinuation of reference rates, including increased expenses and litigation and the effectiveness of hedging strategies; uncertainties 
about the financial stability and growth rates of non-U.S. jurisdictions, the risk that those jurisdictions may face difficulties servicing their 
sovereign debt, and related stresses on financial markets, currencies and trade, and the Corporation’s exposures to such risks, including 
direct, indirect and operational; the impact of U.S. and global interest rates, inflation, currency exchange rates, economic conditions, trade 
policies and tensions, including tariffs, and potential geopolitical instability; the impact of the interest rate, inflationary, macroeconomic, 
banking and regulatory environment on the Corporation’s assets, business, financial condition and results of operations; the impact of 
adverse developments affecting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank failures and liquidity concerns, resulting in worsening 
economic and market volatility, and regulatory responses thereto; the possibility that future credit losses may be higher than currently 
expected due to changes in economic assumptions, customer behavior, adverse developments with respect to U.S. or global economic 
conditions and other uncertainties, including the impact of supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures and labor shortages on economic 
conditions and our business; potential losses related to the Corporation’s concentration of credit risk; the Corporation's ability to achieve its 
expense targets and expectations regarding revenue, net interest income, provision for credit losses, net charge-offs, effective tax rate, loan 
growth or other projections; adverse changes to the Corporation’s credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies; an inability to access 
capital markets or maintain deposits or borrowing costs; estimates of the fair value and other accounting values, subject to impairment 
assessments, of certain of the Corporation’s assets and liabilities; the estimated or actual impact of changes in accounting standards or 
assumptions in applying those standards; uncertainty regarding the content, timing and impact of regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements; the impact of adverse changes to total loss-absorbing capacity requirements, stress capital buffer requirements and / or 
global systemically important bank surcharges; the potential impact of actions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on 
the Corporation’s capital plans; the effect of changes in or interpretations of income tax laws and regulations; the impact of implementation 
and compliance with U.S. and international laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations, including, but not limited to, recovery and 
resolution planning requirements, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation assessments, the Volcker Rule, fiduciary standards, derivatives 
regulations and potential changes to loss allocations between financial institutions and customers, including for losses incurred from the use 
of our products and services, including electronic payments and payment of checks, that were authorized by the customer but induced by 
fraud; the impact of failures or disruptions in or breaches of the Corporation’s operations or information systems, or those of third parties, 
including as a result of cybersecurity incidents; the risks related to the development, implementation, use and management of emerging 
technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning; the risks related to the transition and physical impacts of climate change; 
our ability to achieve environmental, social and governance goals and commitments or the impact of any changes in the Corporation's 
sustainability strategy or commitments generally; the impact of any future federal government shutdown and uncertainty regarding the 
federal government’s debt limit or changes in fiscal, monetary or regulatory policy; the emergence or continuation of widespread health 
emergencies or pandemics; the impact of natural disasters, extreme weather events, military conflicts (including the Russia / Ukraine 
conflict, the conflict in the Middle East, the possible expansion of such conflicts and potential geopolitical consequences), terrorism or other 
geopolitical events; and other matters.

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-
looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.

“Bank of America” and “BofA Securities” are the marketing names used by the Global Banking and Global Markets divisions of Bank of 
America Corporation. Lending, other commercial banking activities, and trading in certain financial instruments are performed globally by 
banking affiliates of Bank of America Corporation, including Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Trading in securities and financial 
instruments, and strategic advisory, and other investment banking activities, are performed globally by investment banking affiliates of Bank 
of America Corporation (“Investment Banking Affiliates”) or other affiliates, including, in the United States, BofA Securities, Inc. and Merrill 
Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, each of which are registered broker-dealers and Members of SIPC, and, in other jurisdictions, by 
locally registered entities. BofA Securities, Inc. is registered as a futures commission merchant with the CFTC and is a member of the NFA. 
Investment products offered by Investment Banking Affiliates:  Are Not FDIC Insured · May Lose Value · Are Not Bank Guaranteed. Bank of 
America Corporation’s broker-dealers are not banks and are separate legal entities from their bank affiliates. The obligations of the broker-
dealers are not obligations of their bank affiliates (unless explicitly stated otherwise), and these bank affiliates are not responsible for 
securities sold, offered, or recommended by the broker-dealers. The foregoing also applies to other non-bank affiliates.

For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom at 
https://newsroom.bankofamerica.com.*

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

www.bankofamerica.com*

For footnotes, see page 16.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

(1) Return  on  average  tangible  common  shareholders’  equity  and  tangible  book  value  per  share  of  common  stock  are  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  We  believe  the  use  of  ratios  that  utilize  tangible  equity  provides 
additional useful information because they present measures of those assets that can generate income. Tangible book value per share provides additional useful information about the level of tangible assets in relation 
to outstanding shares of common stock. See Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures on page 19.

(2) Ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. Charge-off ratios are annualized for the quarterly presentation.
(3) Balances do not include past due consumer credit card loans, consumer loans secured by real estate where repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration and individually insured long-term stand-by

agreements (fully-insured home loans), and in general, other consumer and commercial loans not secured by real estate, and nonperforming loans held-for-sale or accounted for under the fair value option.

(4) Regulatory capital ratios at March 31, 2024 are preliminary. Bank of America Corporation reports regulatory capital ratios under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. Capital adequacy is evaluated against 
the lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements. The Corporation’s binding ratio was the Total capital ratio under the Standardized approach for 
March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and Common equity tier 1 ratio under the Standardized approach for March 31, 2023.

(5) Tangible equity ratio equals period-end tangible shareholders’ equity divided by period-end tangible assets. Tangible common equity ratio equals period-end tangible common shareholders’ equity divided by period-end 
tangible assets. Tangible shareholders’ equity and tangible assets are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of ratios that utilize tangible equity provides additional useful information because they present 
measures of those assets that can generate income. See Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures on page 19.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

capital. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently.

The Company reports the results of operations of its four business segments and All Other on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

Number of financial centers - U.S.

Number of branded ATMs - U.S.

(1) FTE  basis  is  a  non-GAAP  financial  measure.  FTE  basis  is  a  performance  measure  used  by  management  in  operating  the  business  that  management  believes  provides  investors  with 
meaningful information on the interest margin for comparative purposes. The Corporation believes that this presentation allows for comparison of amounts from both taxable and tax-
exempt sources and is consistent with industry practices. Net interest income includes FTE adjustments of $158 million, $145 million and $134 million for the first quarter of 2024 and 
the fourth and first quarters of 2023, respectively.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

The  Corporation  evaluates  its  business  using  certain  non-GAAP  financial  measures,  including  pretax,  pre-provision  income  (as  defined  in  Endnote  H  on  page 11)  and  ratios  that  utilize 
tangible equity and tangible assets, each of which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Tangible equity represents shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity reduced by goodwill and 
intangible assets (excluding mortgage servicing rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities (“adjusted” shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity). Return on average tangible 
common shareholders’ equity measures the Corporation’s net income applicable to common shareholders as a percentage of adjusted average common shareholders’ equity. The tangible 
common  equity  ratio  represents  adjusted  ending  common  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  total  tangible  assets  (total  assets  less  goodwill  and  intangible  assets  (excluding  mortgage 
servicing rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities). Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity measures the Corporation’s net income as a percentage of adjusted average total 
shareholders’ equity. The tangible equity ratio represents adjusted ending shareholders’ equity divided by total tangible assets. Tangible book value per common share represents adjusted 
ending  common  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  ending  common  shares  outstanding.  These  measures  are  used  to  evaluate  the  Corporation’s  use  of  equity.  In  addition,  profitability, 
relationship and investment models all use return on average tangible shareholders’ equity as key measures to support our overall growth goals.

See the tables below for reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures defined by GAAP for the three months ended March 31, 
2024, December 31, 2023 and March 31, 2023. The Corporation believes the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provides additional clarity in understanding its results of operations 
and trends. Other companies may define or calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.
</Bank of America RESULT>

<Bank of America RESULT>
•  Revenue, net of interest expense, of $25.4 billion increased 
$180 million, or 1%, reflecting higher asset management 
and investment banking fees, as well as sales and trading 
revenue, and lower net interest income (NII) 
–  NII decreased 3% to $13.7 billion ($13.9 billion FTE),(B) 
as higher deposit costs more than offset higher asset 
yields and modest loan growth

•  Provision for credit losses of $1.5 billion, up from

•  Noninterest expense of $16.3 billion increased $271 
million, or 2%, driven by investments in people and 
revenue-related compensation

•  Average deposit balances of $1.91 trillion increased

•  Average loans and leases of $1.05 trillion increased

modestly vs. 2Q23

•  CET1 ratio of 11.9% (Standardized);(E)  122 bps above the 
new regulatory minimum that takes effect Oct. 1, 2024

•  Returned $5.4 billion to shareholders; $1.9 billion

through common stock dividends and $3.5 billion in 
share repurchases5

•  Net income of $2.6 billion

•  Revenue of $10.2 billion, down 3% 
•  Average deposits of $949 billion, down 6%; up 32% from pre-pandemic 4Q19 
•  Average loans and leases of $312 billion increased $6 billion, or 2% 
•  Combined credit / debit card spend of $234 billion, up 3% 
•  Client Activity

–  Record 37.2 million consumer checking accounts with 92% being primary4 
–  Small business checking accounts of 3.9 million, up 1% 
–  Record consumer investment assets of $476 billion grew 23%, including

–  Digital logins of 3.5 billion; digital sales represented 53% of total sales

•  Net income of $1.0 billion

•  Revenue of $5.6 billion increased 6% 
•  Record client balances of more than $4 trillion increased 10%, driven by

–  Added ~6,100 net new relationships across Merrill and Private Bank 
–  AUM balances of $1.8 trillion, up $228 billion 
–  75% of Merrill eligible bank and brokerage accounts opened digitally

•  Net income of $2.1 billion

•  Book value per common share rose 7% to $34.39; tangible

book value per common share rose 9% to $25.376

•  Return on average common shareholders' equity (ROE) ratio 
of 10.0%; return on average tangible common shareholders' 
equity (ROTCE) ratio of 13.6%6

•  Total investment banking fees (excl. self-led) of $1.6 billion, up 29% 
•  No. 3 in investment banking fees7 
•  Average deposits of $525 billion increased $28 billion, or 6% 
•  Grew Middle Market ending loan balances 4%8

From Chair and CEO Brian Moynihan: 
“Our team produced another strong quarter, serving a 
growing client base. The strength and earnings power 
of our leading Consumer Banking business is 
complemented by the growth and profitability of our 
Global Markets, Global Banking, and Wealth 
Management businesses. Our Global Markets 
business delivered its ninth consecutive quarter of 
year-over-year revenue growth in sales and trading, 
earning double-digit returns. Our investments in this 
business are delivering for our shareholders.”

•  Net income of $1.4 billion 
•  Sales and trading revenue up 9% to $4.7 billion, including net debit valuation

adjustment (DVA) losses of $1 million; Fixed Income, Currencies and 
Commodities (FICC) revenue up 3% to $2.7 billion, and Equities revenue up 
20% to $1.9 billion

•  Excluding net DVA,(F)  sales and trading revenue up 7% to $4.7 billion; FICC

revenue down 1% to $2.7 billion, and Equities revenue up 20% to $1.9 billion

See pages 10 and 11 for endnotes. Amounts may not total due to rounding. 
1 Revenue, net of interest expense. 
2 Financial Highlights and Business Segment Highlights are compared to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
3 The Corporation reports the results of operations of its four business segments and All Other on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis. 
4 Represents the percentage of consumer checking accounts that are estimated to be the customer’s primary account based on multiple relationship factors (e.g., linked

to their direct deposit).

5 Includes repurchases to offset shares awarded under equity-based compensation plans. 
6 Tangible book value per common share and return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity ratio represent non-GAAP financial measures. For more

information, see page 20.

7 Source: Dealogic as of June 30, 2024. 
8 Includes loans to Global Commercial Banking clients, excluding commercial real estate and specialized industries.

From Chief Financial Officer Alastair Borthwick: 
“Our net income was $6.9 billion, and we returned $5.4 billion to shareholders through common stock dividends and share 
repurchases. We announced plans for an eight percent increase in our quarterly common stock dividend, to 26 cents per share, 
pending Board approval. Our diverse businesses leveraged our innovative platforms and services, attracting new client 
relationships and delivering for our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve.”

1  Amounts in this column (other than total revenue, net of interest expense, and provision for credit losses) are adjusted for the FDIC special assessment accrual. Adjusted amounts

represent non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information and a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, 
see Endnote G on page 11.

2  Pretax, pre-provision income and return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity represent non-GAAP financial measures. For more information, see page 20.

1  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the Standardized approach. For additional information on regulatory capital ratios, see Endnote E on page 10.

•  Net income of $2.6 billion 
•  Revenue of $10.2 billion decreased 3%, driven

•  Provision for credit losses of $1.3 billion was

relatively flat vs. 2Q23 
–  Net charge-offs of $1.2 billion increased

–  Net reserve build of $93 million(C) in 2Q24 vs.

•  Noninterest expense of $5.5 billion was

•  Record 3.5 billion digital logins, up 10% 
•  New Zelle®  records: 22.6 million active users, up 
11%; sent and received 382 million transactions, 
worth $115 billion, both up 26%8

Continued Business Leadership 
•  No. 1 in estimated U.S. Retail Deposits(a) 
•  No. 1 Small Business Lender(b) 
•  Best Bank in North America(c) 
•  Best Bank in the U.S.(c) 
•  Best Consumer Digital Bank in the U.S. - Best Integrated Consumer

•  Best Bank in the U.S. for Small and Medium Enterprises(e) 
•  Certified by J.D. Power for Outstanding Client Satisfaction with Customer

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

1  Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2  Revenue, net of interest expense. 
3  The Consumer credit card portfolio includes Consumer Banking and GWIM. 
4  Represents the percentage of consumer checking accounts that are estimated to be the 
customer’s primary account based on multiple relationship factors (e.g., linked to their 
direct deposit).

Bank of America, N.A. brokered CDs, and AUM in Consumer Banking.

6  As of May 2024. Includes clients in Consumer, Small Business and GWIM. 
7  Household adoption represents households with consumer bank login activities in a

90-day period, as of May 2024.

8  Includes Bank of America person-to-person payments sent and received through e-mail or 
mobile identification. Zelle® users represent 90-day active users.

•  Net income of $1.0 billion 
•  Revenue of $5.6 billion increased 6%, driven by 14% 
higher asset management fees, due to higher market 
levels and strong AUM flows, partially offset by 
lower NII

•  Noninterest expense of $4.2 billion increased 7%,

Merrill Wealth Management Highlights1 
Client Engagement 
–  Record client balances of $3.4 trillion(A) 
–  AUM balances of $1.4 trillion 
–  ~5,500 net new households in 2Q24

Continued Business Leadership 
•  No. 1 on Forbes’ Best-in-State Wealth Advisors (2023), Top Women 
Wealth Advisors (2024), and Top Next Generation Advisors (2023) 
•  No. 1 on Barron’s Top 1200 Wealth Financial Advisors List (2024) 
•  No. 1 on Financial Planning's 'Top 40 Advisors Under 40' List (2024) 
•  No. 1 in personal trust AUM(b) 
•  Best Private Bank (U.S.); Best Private Bank for Philanthropic

•  Best Private Bank (U.S.); Best Private Bank for Digital Innovation, Best

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Revenue, net of interest expense. 
3  Percentage of digitally active Merrill primary households ($250K+ in investable assets 
within the enterprise) as of June 2024. Excludes Stock Plan and Banking-only 
households. 
4 Includes Merrill Digital Households (excluding Stock Plan, Banking-only households, 
Retirement only, and 529 only) that receive statements digitally, as of May 2024. 
5  Includes mobile check deposits, remote deposit operations, and automated teller machine 
transactions, as of May 2024 for Private Bank and as of June 2024 for Merrill. 
6  Percentage of digitally active Private Bank core relationships ($3MM+ in total balances) 
as of May 2024. Includes third-party activities and excludes Irrevocable Trust-only 
relationships, Institutional Philanthropic relationships, and exiting relationships.

•  Net income of $2.1 billion 
•  Revenue of $6.1 billion decreased 6%, driven

•  Provision for credit losses of $235 million vs. $9

–  Net reserve release of $111 million vs. $50 million

•  Noninterest expense of $2.9 billion increased 3%

Business Highlights1,2(A) 
•  Total Corporation investment banking fees (excl.

self-led) of $1.6 billion increased 29% 
–  No. 3 in investment banking fees4

•  Record total mobile sign-ins at 1.87 million,

($ in billions) 
Average deposits 
Average loans and leases 
Total Corp. IB fees 
(excl. self-led) 
Global Banking IB fees 
Business Lending revenue 
Global Transaction Services 
revenue 
Efficiency ratio 
Return on average allocated 
capital

•  2023 Share & Excellence Awards for U.S. Large Corporate Banking &

•  Relationships with 74% of the Global Fortune 500; 95% of the U.S.

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Global Banking and Global Markets share in certain deal economics from investment 
banking, loan origination activities, and sales and trading activities. 
3 Revenue, net of interest expense. 
4 Source: Dealogic as of June 30, 2024. 
5 Includes CashPro, BA360, and Global Card Access.

•  Net income of $1.4 billion, both including and

•  Revenue of $5.5 billion increased 12%, driven by 
higher sales and trading revenue and investment 
banking fees

•  Noninterest expense of $3.5 billion increased

Business Highlights1,2,3(A) 
•  Sales and trading revenue of $4.7 billion

increased 9%; excluding net DVA, increased 7%(F) 
–  FICC revenue increased 3% (ex. DVA, down

–  Equities revenue increased 20% (ex. DVA, 
increased 20%),(F) to $1.9 billion, driven by 
strong client activity and trading performance in 
cash and derivatives

Total revenue 
(excl. net DVA)2,3,4 
Provision (benefit) for 
credit losses 
Noninterest expense

Net income 
(excl. net DVA)4

Sales and trading revenue 
Sales and trading revenue 
(excl. net DVA)4(F) 
Global Markets IB fees

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

1  Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. The explanations for current period-over-
period changes for Global Markets are the same for amounts including and excluding net DVA. 
2  Global Banking and Global Markets share in certain deal economics from investment banking, loan 
origination activities, and sales and trading activities. 
3  Revenue, net of interest expense. 
4  Revenue and net income, excluding net DVA, are non-GAAP financial measures. See Endnote F on 
page 10 for more information. 
5  VaR model uses a historical simulation approach based on three years of historical data and an expected 
shortfall methodology equivalent to a 99% confidence level. Average VaR was $90MM, $80MM and 
$76MM for 2Q24, 1Q24 and 2Q23, respectively.

– Improved $446 million v. 1Q24, driven primarily 
by the absence of the $700 million 1Q24 accrual 
for the estimated amount of the FDIC special 
assessment for uninsured deposits of certain 
failed banks

($250) 
Net income (loss) 
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2  Revenue, net of interest expense.

Note: All Other primarily consists of asset and liability management (ALM) activities, liquidating 
businesses and certain expenses not otherwise allocated to a business segment. ALM activities 
encompass interest rate and foreign currency risk management activities for which substantially 
all of the results are allocated to our business segments.

Charge-offs 
•  Total net charge-offs of $1.5 billion increased

$35 million from 1Q24 
–  Consumer net charge-offs of $1.1 billion increased 
$31 million from 1Q24, driven by higher credit 
card losses

–  Credit card loss rate of 3.88% in 2Q24 vs. 3.62%

–  Commercial net charge-offs of $474 million 
remained relatively flat compared to 1Q24 
•  Net charge-off ratio2  of 0.59% increased 1 bp

Provision for credit losses 
•  Provision for credit losses of $1.5 billion increased

$189 million vs. 1Q24 
–  Net reserve release of $25 million in 2Q24 vs.

Allowance for credit losses 
•  Allowance for loan and lease losses of $13.2 billion

represented 1.26% of total loans and leases3 
–  Total allowance for credit losses of $14.3 billion 
included $1.1 billion for unfunded commitments

•  Nonperforming loans (NPLs) of $5.5 billion

Allowance for loan and lease 
losses ratio3 
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2  Net charge-off ratio is calculated as annualized net charge-offs divided by average 
outstanding loans and leases during the period. 
3  Allowance for loan and lease losses ratio is calculated as allowance for loan and lease losses 
divided by loans and leases outstanding at the end of the period.

Note: Ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option.

1  Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For reconciliation, see page 20.

We present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance indicators (KPIs) that management uses when assessing consolidated and/or segment 
results.  We  believe  this  information  is  useful  because  it  provides  management  and  investors  with  information  about  underlying  operational 
performance  and  trends.  KPIs  are  presented  in  Consolidated  and  Business  Segment  Highlights  on  page  1,  Balance  Sheet,  Liquidity,  and  Capital 
Highlights on page 9 and on the Segment pages for each segment.

We also measure NII on an FTE basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. FTE basis is a performance measure used in operating the business 
that  management  believes  provides  investors  with  meaningful  information  on  the  interest  margin  for  comparative  purposes.  We  believe  that  this 
presentation  allows  for  comparison  of  amounts  from  both  taxable  and  tax-exempt  sources  and  is  consistent  with  industry  practice.  NII  on  an  FTE 
basis was $13.9 billion, $14.2 billion and $14.3 billion for the three months ended June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively. 
The FTE adjustment was $160 million, $158 million and $135 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, 
respectively.

Reserve Build (or Release) is calculated by subtracting net charge-offs for the period from the provision for credit losses recognized in that period. 
The period-end allowance, or reserve, for credit losses reflects the beginning of the period allowance adjusted for net charge-offs recorded in that 
period plus the provision for credit losses and other valuation accounts recognized in that period.

Global  Liquidity  Sources  (GLS)  include  cash  and  high-quality,  liquid,  unencumbered  securities,  inclusive  of  U.S.  government  securities,  U.S.  agency 
securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, and a select group of non-U.S. government and supranational securities, and other investment-
grade  securities,  and  are  readily  available  to  meet  funding  requirements  as  they  arise.  It  does  not  include  Federal  Reserve  Discount  Window  or 
Federal Home Loan Bank borrowing capacity. Transfers of liquidity among legal entities may be subject to certain regulatory and other restrictions.

Regulatory  capital  ratios  at  June  30,  2024  are  preliminary.  The  Corporation  reports  regulatory  capital  ratios  under  both  the  Standardized  and 
Advanced  approaches.  Capital  adequacy  is  evaluated  against  the  lower  of  the  Standardized  or  Advanced  approaches  compared  to  their  respective 
regulatory capital ratio requirements. The Corporation’s binding ratio was Total capital ratio under the Standardized approach for June 30, 2024 and 
March 31, 2024; and the Common equity tier 1 ratio under the Standardized approach for June 30, 2023.

The below table includes Global Markets sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that the 
presentation of measures that exclude this item is useful because such measures provide additional information to assess the underlying operational 
performance and trends of our businesses and to allow better comparison of period-to-period operating performance.

million, ($76) million and ($97) million, and Equities net DVA gains (losses) were ($6) million, ($9) million and ($5) million, respectively.

In 1Q24, the FDIC increased its estimate of the loss to the Deposit Insurance Fund arising from the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature 
Bank that will be recouped through the collection of a special assessment from certain insured depository institutions. Accordingly, the Corporation 
recorded  pretax  noninterest  expense  of  $0.7B  to  increase  its  accrual  for  its  estimated  share  of  the  special  assessment.  The  Corporation  has 
presented certain non-GAAP financial measures (labeled as “adj.” in the tables below) that exclude the impact of the FDIC special assessment (FDIC 
SA) and has provided a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures as set forth 
below. The Corporation believes the use of non-GAAP financial measures adjusting for the impact of the FDIC SA provides additional information for 
evaluating  its  results  of  operations  and  comparing  its  operational  performance  between  periods  by  excluding  these  impacts  that  may  not  be 
reflective of its underlying operating performance.

Note: Amounts may not total due to rounding. 
1 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information see Endnote H and for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP 
financial measure, see page 20. 
2 Calculated as net income applicable to common shareholders divided by average diluted common shares. Average diluted common shares of 
8,031MM for 1Q24. 
3 Calculated as net income divided by average assets. Average assets were $3,247B for 1Q24. 
4 Calculated as net income applicable to common shareholders divided by average common shareholders’ equity. Average common shareholders’ 
equity was $264B for 1Q24. 
5 Calculated as net income applicable to common shareholders divided by average tangible common shareholders’ equity. Average tangible 
common shareholders’ equity was $194B for 1Q24. Average tangible common shareholders’ equity represents a non-GAAP financial measure. 
For more information and a reconciliation of average tangible common shareholders’ equity to average shareholders’ equity, see page 20. 
6 Calculated as noninterest expense divided by revenue, net of interest expense.

Pretax, pre-provision income (PTPI) is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by adjusting consolidated pretax income to add back provision for 
credit  losses.  Management  believes  that  PTPI  is  a  useful  financial  measure  as  it  enables  an  assessment  of  the  Company’s  ability  to  generate 
earnings to cover credit losses through a credit cycle and provides an additional basis for comparing the Company's results of operations between 
periods by isolating the impact of provision for credit losses, which can vary significantly between periods. For Reconciliations to GAAP Financial 
Measures, see page 20.

Estimated U.S. retail deposits based on June 30, 2023 FDIC deposit data.

FDIC, 1Q24.

Global Finance, April 2024.

Global Finance, August 2023.

Global Finance, October 2023.

J.D. Power 2024 Financial Health Support CertificationSM  is based on exceeding customer experience benchmarks using client surveys and a best 
practices verification. For more information, visit jdpower.com/awards.*

Global Finance, 2024.

Family Wealth Report, 2024.

Global Private Banker, 2024.

Euromoney, 2023.

Treasury Management International, 2024.

Celent, 2024.

Coalition Greenwich, 2023.

Global Capital, 2024.

Energy Risk, 2024.

Risk Awards, 2024.

Environmental Finance, 2024.

FX Markets, 2024.

DealCatalyst, 2024.

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan and Chief Financial Officer Alastair Borthwick will discuss second-
quarter 2024 financial results in an investor conference call at 8:30 a.m. ET today. The conference call and 
presentation materials can be accessed on the Bank of America Investor Relations website at 
https://investor.bankofamerica.com.*

For a listen-only connection to the conference call, dial 1.877.200.4456 (U.S.) or 1.785.424.1732 
(international). The conference ID is 79795. Please dial in 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. Investors 
can access replays of the conference call by visiting the Investor Relations website or by calling 
1.800.934.4850 (U.S.) or 1.402.220.1178 (international) from noon July 16 through 11:59 p.m. ET on July 26.

Investors May Contact: 
Lee McEntire, Bank of America 
Phone: 1.980.388.6780 
lee.mcentire@bofa.com

Reporters May Contact: 
Bill Halldin, Bank of America 
Phone: 1.916.724.0093 
william.halldin@bofa.com

Jonathan G. Blum, Bank of America (Fixed Income) 
Phone: 1.212.449.3112 
jonathan.blum@bofa.com

Jocelyn Seidenfeld, Bank of America 
Phone: 1.646.743.3356 
jocelyn.seidenfeld@bofa.com

Bank of America 
Bank of America is one of the world’s leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses 
and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products 
and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving approximately 69 million consumer and 
small business clients with approximately 3,800 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and 
award-winning digital banking with approximately 58 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth 
management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, 
governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 
million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients 
through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: 
BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

Forward-Looking Statements 
Bank of America Corporation (the Corporation) and its management may make certain statements that constitute “forward-looking 
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by the fact that 
they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as “anticipates,” “targets,” 
“expects,” “hopes,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “goals,” “believes,” “continue” and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs 
such as “will,” “may,” “might,” “should,” “would” and “could.” Forward-looking statements represent the Corporation’s current expectations, 
plans or forecasts of its future results, revenues, liquidity, net interest income, provision for credit losses, expenses, efficiency ratio, capital 
measures, strategy, deposits, assets, and future business and economic conditions more generally, and other future matters. These 
statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
that are difficult to predict and are often beyond the Corporation’s control. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those 
expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking statements.

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the following uncertainties and risks, as well as 
the risks and uncertainties more fully discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in 
any of the Corporation’s subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings: the Corporation’s potential judgments, orders, settlements, 
penalties, fines and reputational damage resulting from pending or future litigation and regulatory investigations, proceedings and 
enforcement actions, including as a result of our participation in and execution of government programs related to the Coronavirus Disease 
2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, such as the processing of unemployment benefits for California and certain other states; the possibility that the 
Corporation's future liabilities may be in excess of its recorded liability and estimated range of possible loss for litigation, and regulatory and 
government actions; the possibility that the Corporation could face increased claims from one or more parties involved in mortgage 
securitizations; the Corporation’s ability to resolve representations and warranties repurchase and related claims; the risks related to the 
discontinuation of reference rates, including increased expenses and litigation and the effectiveness of hedging strategies; uncertainties 
about the financial stability and growth rates of non-U.S. jurisdictions, the risk that those jurisdictions may face difficulties servicing their 
sovereign debt, and related stresses on financial markets, currencies and trade, and the Corporation’s exposures to such risks, including 
direct, indirect and operational; the impact of U.S. and global interest rates, inflation, currency exchange rates, economic conditions, trade 
policies and tensions, including tariffs, and potential geopolitical instability; the impact of the interest rate, inflationary, macroeconomic, 
banking and regulatory environment on the Corporation’s assets, business, financial condition and results of operations; the impact of 
adverse developments affecting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank failures and liquidity concerns, resulting in worsening 
economic and market volatility, and regulatory responses thereto; the possibility that future credit losses may be higher than currently 
expected due to changes in economic assumptions, customer behavior, adverse developments with respect to U.S. or global economic 
conditions and other uncertainties, including the impact of supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures and labor shortages on economic 
conditions and our business; potential losses related to the Corporation’s concentration of credit risk; the Corporation's ability to achieve its 
expense targets and expectations regarding revenue, net interest income, provision for credit losses, net charge-offs, effective tax rate, loan 
growth or other projections; adverse changes to the Corporation’s credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies; an inability to access 
capital markets or maintain deposits or borrowing costs; estimates of the fair value and other accounting values, subject to impairment 
assessments, of certain of the Corporation’s assets and liabilities; the estimated or actual impact of changes in accounting standards or 
assumptions in applying those standards; uncertainty regarding the content, timing and impact of regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements; the impact of adverse changes to total loss-absorbing capacity requirements, stress capital buffer requirements and / or 
global systemically important bank surcharges; the potential impact of actions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on 
the Corporation’s capital plans; the effect of changes in or interpretations of income tax laws and regulations; the impact of implementation 
and compliance with U.S. and international laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations, including, but not limited to, recovery and 
resolution planning requirements, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation assessments, the Volcker Rule, fiduciary standards, derivatives 
regulations and potential changes to loss allocations between financial institutions and customers, including for losses incurred from the use 
of our products and services, including electronic payments and payment of checks, that were authorized by the customer but induced by 
fraud; the impact of failures or disruptions in or breaches of the Corporation’s operations or information systems, or those of third parties, 
including as a result of cybersecurity incidents; the risks related to the development, implementation, use and management of emerging 
technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning; the risks related to the transition and physical impacts of climate change; 
our ability to achieve environmental, social and governance goals and commitments or the impact of any changes in the Corporation's 
sustainability strategy or commitments generally; the impact of uncertain political conditions or any future federal government shutdown 
and uncertainty regarding the federal government’s debt limit or changes in fiscal, monetary or regulatory policy; the emergence or 
continuation of widespread health emergencies or pandemics; the impact of natural disasters, extreme weather events, military conflicts 
(including the Russia / Ukraine conflict, the conflict in the Middle East, the possible expansion of such conflicts and potential geopolitical 
consequences), terrorism or other geopolitical events; and other matters.

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-
looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.

“Bank of America” and “BofA Securities” are the marketing names used by the Global Banking and Global Markets divisions of Bank of 
America Corporation. Lending, other commercial banking activities, and trading in certain financial instruments are performed globally by 
banking affiliates of Bank of America Corporation, including Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Trading in securities and financial 
instruments, and strategic advisory, and other investment banking activities, are performed globally by investment banking affiliates of Bank 
of America Corporation (“Investment Banking Affiliates”) or other affiliates, including, in the United States, BofA Securities, Inc. and Merrill 
Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, each of which are registered broker-dealers and Members of SIPC, and, in other jurisdictions, by 
locally registered entities. BofA Securities, Inc. is registered as a futures commission merchant with the CFTC and is a member of the NFA. 
Investment products offered by Investment Banking Affiliates:  Are Not FDIC Insured · May Lose Value · Are Not Bank Guaranteed. Bank of 
America Corporation’s broker-dealers are not banks and are separate legal entities from their bank affiliates. The obligations of the broker-
dealers are not obligations of their bank affiliates (unless explicitly stated otherwise), and these bank affiliates are not responsible for 
securities sold, offered, or recommended by the broker-dealers. The foregoing also applies to other non-bank affiliates.

For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom at 
https://newsroom.bankofamerica.com.*

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

www.bankofamerica.com*

For footnotes, see page 16.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

(1)  Return  on  average  tangible  common  shareholders’  equity  and  tangible  book  value  per  share  of  common  stock  are  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  We  believe  the  use  of  ratios  that  utilize  tangible  equity  provides 
additional useful information because they present measures of those assets that can generate income. Tangible book value per share provides additional useful information about the level of tangible assets in relation 
to outstanding shares of common stock. See Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures on page 20.

(2)  Ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. Charge-off ratios are annualized for the quarterly presentation. 
(3)  Balances do not include past due consumer credit card loans, consumer loans secured by real estate where repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration and individually insured long-term stand-by

agreements (fully-insured home loans), and in general, other consumer and commercial loans not secured by real estate, and nonperforming loans held-for-sale or accounted for under the fair value option.

(4)  Regulatory capital ratios at June 30, 2024 are preliminary. Bank of America Corporation reports regulatory capital ratios under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. Capital adequacy is evaluated against the 
lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements. The Corporation’s binding ratio was the Total capital ratio under the Standardized approach for 
June 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024; and Common equity tier 1 ratio under the Standardized approach for June 30, 2023.

(5)  Tangible equity ratio equals period-end tangible shareholders’ equity divided by period-end tangible assets. Tangible common equity ratio equals period-end tangible common shareholders’ equity divided by period-end 
tangible assets. Tangible shareholders’ equity and tangible assets are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of ratios that utilize tangible equity provides additional useful information because they present 
measures of those assets that can generate income. See Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures on page 20.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

capital. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently.

The Company reports the results of operations of its four business segments and All Other on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

capital. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

Number of financial centers - U.S.

Number of branded ATMs - U.S.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

The  Corporation  evaluates  its  business  using  certain  non-GAAP  financial  measures,  including  pretax,  pre-provision  income  (as  defined  in  Endnote  H  on  page 11)  and  ratios  that  utilize 
tangible equity and tangible assets, each of which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Tangible equity represents shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity reduced by goodwill and 
intangible assets (excluding mortgage servicing rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities (“adjusted” shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity). Return on average tangible 
common shareholders’ equity measures the Corporation’s net income applicable to common shareholders as a percentage of adjusted average common shareholders’ equity. The tangible 
common  equity  ratio  represents  adjusted  ending  common  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  total  tangible  assets  (total  assets  less  goodwill  and  intangible  assets  (excluding  mortgage 
servicing rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities). Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity measures the Corporation’s net income as a percentage of adjusted average total 
shareholders’ equity. The tangible equity ratio represents adjusted ending shareholders’ equity divided by total tangible assets. Tangible book value per common share represents adjusted 
ending  common  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  ending  common  shares  outstanding.  These  measures  are  used  to  evaluate  the  Corporation’s  use  of  equity.  In  addition,  profitability, 
relationship and investment models all use return on average tangible shareholders’ equity as key measures to support our overall growth goals.

See the tables below for reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures defined by GAAP for the six months ended June 30, 2024 
and 2023, and the three months ended June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023. The Corporation believes the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provides additional clarity 
in understanding its results of operations and trends. Other companies may define or calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.
</Bank of America RESULT>

<Bank of America RESULT>
Bank of America Reports 3Q24 Net Income of $6.9 Billion, EPS of $0.81
 Revenue Improved YoY to $25.3 Billion,1 Driven by Solid Fee Growth 
CET1 Ratio of 11.8%; Book Value Per Share of $35.37 Grew 8% YoY

• Net income of $6.9 billion, or $0.81 per diluted share, compared

to $7.8 billion, or $0.90 per diluted share in 3Q23

• Revenue, net of interest expense, of $25.3 billion ($25.5 billion

FTE)(B) increased $178 million, reflecting higher asset management 
and investment banking fees, as well as sales and trading revenue 
and lower net interest income (NII)
– NII of $14.0 billion ($14.1 billion FTE)(B)

• Provision for credit losses of $1.5 billion was flat compared to 2Q24

and up from $1.2 billion in 3Q23

– Net charge-offs of $1.5 billion were flat compared to 2Q24 and

– Net reserve build of $8 million vs. net reserve release of $25

• Noninterest expense of $16.5 billion, up 4%, driven primarily by 
revenue-related expenses and investments in the franchise

– Average deposit balances of $1.92 trillion increased 2%

– Average loans and leases of $1.06 trillion increased 1% 
– Average Global Liquidity Sources of $947 billion(D)
– Common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital of $200 billion increased

– CET1 ratio of 11.8% (Standardized);(E) 112 bps above the new

regulatory minimum that took effect Oct. 1, 2024

– Returned $5.6 billion to shareholders; $2.0 billion through

common stock dividends and $3.5 billion in share repurchases6
• Book value per common share rose 8% to $35.37; tangible book

value per common share rose 10% to $26.257

• Return on average common shareholders' equity ratio of 9.4%;

From Chair and CEO Brian Moynihan:
“We reported solid earnings results, delivering higher 
average loans and our fifth consecutive quarter of 
sequential average deposit growth. Net interest 
income increased over the second quarter, 
complimented by double-digit, year-over-year growth 
in investment banking and asset management fees, as 
well as sales and trading revenue. We also continue to 
benefit from our investments in the business. I thank 
our teammates for another good quarter. We continue 
to drive the company forward in any environment.”

• Net income of $2.7 billion

• Revenue of $10.4 billion, down 1%

• Net income of $1.1 billion

• Revenue of $5.8 billion, up 8%, reflecting 14% higher asset

• Client balances of $4.2 trillion, up 18% from 3Q23, driven by higher

• Net income of $1.9 billion

• Total investment banking fees (excl. self-led) of $1.4 billion, up 18%
• Maintained No. 3 investment banking fee ranking8
• Average deposits of $550 billion, up 9%
• Middle Market average loan balances up 5%9

• Net income of $1.5 billion

• Sales and trading revenue of $4.9 billion, up 12%, both including and 
excluding net debit valuation adjustment (DVA) losses of $8 million;(F) 
10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth
– Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities (FICC) revenue of $2.9

– Equities revenue of $2.0 billion, up 18%

See page 10 for endnotes. Amounts may not total due to rounding.
1 Revenue, net of interest expense.
2 Financial Highlights and Business Segment Highlights are compared to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
3 The Corporation reports the results of operations of its four business segments and All Other on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis.
4 Represents the percentage of consumer checking accounts that are estimated to be the customer’s primary account based on multiple relationship factors (e.g., linked to their direct deposit).
5 Total payments represent payments made from Bank of America accounts using credit card, debit card, ACH, wires, billpay, person-to-person, cash and checks.
6 Includes repurchases to offset shares awarded under equity-based compensation plans.
7 Tangible book value per common share and return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity ratio represent non-GAAP financial measures. For more information, see page 19.
8 Source: Dealogic as of September 30, 2024.
9 Includes loans to Global Commercial Banking clients, excluding commercial real estate and specialized industries.

“Through the team’s hard work, we supported our clients’ growth and drove an improvement in our balance sheet. Liquidity 
remained strong and our capital position is well above our new regulatory requirements, which allowed us to return $5.6 billion of 
capital to shareholders through common stock dividends and share repurchases. With declines reported on a linked-quarter basis 
in consumer credit and commercial real estate losses, asset quality was solid. We believe our diverse business is a source of 
strength, helping us deepen existing client relationships and develop new ones, over time.”

1 Pretax, pre-provision income represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information, see page 19.

1 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the Standardized approach. For additional information on regulatory capital ratios, see Endnote E on page 10.

•  Net income of $2.7 billion 
•  Revenue of $10.4 billion2 decreased 1%, reflecting 
lower NII, partially offset by higher card income

•  Provision for credit losses of $1.3 billion, down 7% 
– Net reserve build of $127 million in 3Q24 vs.

– Net charge-offs of $1.2 billion increased

•  Noninterest expense of $5.5 billion, up 5%, driven 
by investments in the business, including people 
and technology

Continued Business Leadership
• No. 1 in estimated U.S. Retail Deposits(a)
• No. 1 Small Business Lender(b) 
• Best Bank in North America(c)
• Best Bank in the U.S.(c)
• Best Bank in the U.S. for Small and Medium Enterprises(d)
• Certified by J.D. Power for Outstanding Client Satisfaction with Customer

See page 11 for Business Leadership sources.

1  Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2  Revenue, net of interest expense.
3  The consumer credit card portfolio includes Consumer Banking and GWIM.
4  Represents the percentage of consumer checking accounts that are estimated to be the 
   customer’s primary account based on multiple relationship factors (e.g., linked to their
   direct deposit).
5  Consumer investment assets includes client brokerage assets, deposit sweep balances,
   Bank of America, N.A. brokered CDs, and AUM in Consumer Banking.
6  As of August 2024. Includes clients in Consumer, Small Business and GWIM.
7  Household adoption represents households with consumer bank login activities in a
   90-day period, as of August 2024. 
8  Includes Bank of America person-to-person payments sent and received through e-mail or

mobile identification. Zelle® users represent 90-day active users.

•  Net income of $1.1 billion
•  Revenue of $5.8 billion2 increased 8%, reflecting

• Noninterest expense of $4.3 billion increased 10%,

Business Highlights1(A)
• Record client balances of $4.2 trillion increased 18%, 
driven by higher market valuations and positive net 
client flows 
– AUM flows of $21 billion in 3Q24; $65B

Merrill Wealth Management Highlights1
Client Engagement
• Record client balances of $3.5 trillion(A)
• AUM balances of $1.5 trillion(A)
• ~4,700 net new households

• No. 1 on Barron's Top 1200 Wealth Financial Advisors List (2024)
• No. 1 on the Financial Planning's 'Top 40 Advisors Under 40' List (2024) 
• No. 1 in Managed Personal Trust AUM(b)
• Best Private Bank (U.S.); Best Private Bank for Philanthropic Services and

• Best Private Bank (U.S.); Best Private Bank for Digital Innovation, Best

See page 11 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Revenue, net of interest expense.
3 Percentage of digitally active Merrill primary households across the enterprise ($250K+ in 
investable assets within the enterprise) as of September 2024. Excludes Stock Plan and 
Banking-only households.

5 Includes mobile check deposits, remote deposit operations, and automated teller machine
  transactions, as of August 2024 for Private Bank and as of September 2024 for Merrill.
6 Percentage of digitally active Private Bank core relationships across the enterprise ($3MM+ 
in total balances) as of August 2024. Includes third-party activities and excludes Irrevocable 
Trust-only relationships, Institutional Philanthropic relationships, and exiting relationships.

• Net income of $1.9 billion 
• Revenue of $5.8 billion3 decreased 6%, driven

– Net reserve release of $129 million in 3Q24 vs.

• Noninterest expense of $3.0 billion increased 7%, 
driven by continued investments in the business, 
including people and technology

Business Highlights1,2(A)
• Total Corporation investment banking fees (excl.

self-led) of $1.4 billion increased 18% 
– No. 3 in investment banking fees4

• Record total mobile sign-ins at 2.04 million, up 25%6
• Record quarterly CashPro® App Payment Approvals

• CashPro® Chat is now supported by Erica® 
technology with nearly 32.5K interactions

($ in billions)
Average deposits
Average loans and leases
Total Corp. IB fees 
(excl. self-led)
Global Banking IB fees
Business Lending revenue
Global Transaction Services 
revenue
Efficiency ratio
Return on average allocated 
capital

• 2023 Share & Excellence Awards for U.S. Large Corporate Banking &

• Relationships with 78% of the Global Fortune 500; 95% of the U.S.

See page 11 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted.
2 Global Banking and Global Markets share in certain deal economics from investment
  banking, loan origination activities, and sales and trading activities.
3 Revenue, net of interest expense.
4 Source: Dealogic as of September 30, 2024.
5 Includes Commercial, Corporate, and Business Banking clients on CashPro® and BA360

platforms as of August 2024.

6 Includes CashPro, BA360, and Global Card Access. BA360 as of August 2024.

•  Net income of $1.5 billion ($1.6 billion ex.

•  Revenue of $5.6 billion increased 14%, driven by 
higher sales and trading revenue and investment 
banking fees

• Noninterest expense of $3.4 billion increased 6%, 
driven by higher revenue-related expenses and 
investments in the business, including technology

• Sales and trading revenue of $4.9 billion  
increased 12% (incl. and ex. net DVA)(F)
– FICC revenue increased 8% (incl. and ex. net 
DVA),(F) to $2.9 billion, driven primarily by 
improved client activity and trading performance 
in currencies and interest rate products

– Equities revenue increased 18% (incl. and ex. 
net DVA),(F) to $2.0 billion, driven by strong 
client activity and trading performance in cash 
and derivatives

Total revenue 
(excl. net DVA)2,3,4
Provision (benefit) for 
credit losses
Noninterest expense

Net income 
(excl. net DVA)4

Sales and trading revenue 
(excl. net DVA)4(F)
Global Markets IB fees

See page 11 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. The explanations for current period-
  over-period changes for Global Markets are the same for amounts including and excluding

2 Global Banking and Global Markets share in certain deal economics from investment banking,
  loan origination activities, and sales and trading activities.
3 Revenue, net of interest expense. 
4 Revenue and net income, excluding net DVA, are non-GAAP financial measures. See Endnote F
  on page 10 for more information.
5 VaR model uses a historical simulation approach based on three years of historical data and
  an expected shortfall methodology equivalent to a 99% confidence level. Average VaR was

$78MM, $90MM and $69MM for 3Q24, 2Q24 and 3Q23, respectively.

• Noninterest expense of $0.2B decreased $0.4B from 
3Q23, driven primarily by lower costs associated 
with a liquidating business

($295)
Net income (loss)
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted.
2 Revenue, net of interest expense.

Note: All Other primarily consists of asset and liability management (ALM) activities, liquidating 
businesses and certain expenses not otherwise allocated to a business segment. ALM activities 
encompass interest rate and foreign currency risk management activities for which substantially 
all of the results are allocated to our business segments.

• Total net charge-offs of $1.5 billion were flat

– Consumer net charge-offs of $1.0 billion

– Credit card loss rate of 3.70% in 3Q24 vs. 3.88%

– Commercial net charge-offs of $490 million 
increased $16 million compared to 2Q24
• Net charge-off ratio2 of 0.58% decreased 1 bp

•  Provision for credit losses of $1.5 billion increased

$34 million vs. 2Q24

– Net reserve build of $8 million in 3Q24 vs. net 
reserve release of $25 million in 2Q24 and net 
reserve build of $303 million in 3Q23(C)

• Allowance for loan and lease losses of $13.3 billion

represented 1.24% of total loans and leases3 
– Total allowance for credit losses of $14.4 billion 
included $1.1 billion for unfunded commitments

• Nonperforming loans of $5.6 billion increased

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Net charge-off ratio is calculated as annualized net charge-offs divided by average

outstanding loans and leases during the period.

divided by loans and leases outstanding at the end of the period.

Note: Ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option.

1 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For reconciliation, see page 19.

We present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance indicators (KPIs) that management uses when assessing consolidated and/or segment 
results.  We  believe  this  information  is  useful  because  it  provides  management  and  investors  with  information  about  underlying  operational 
performance  and  trends.  KPIs  are  presented  in  Consolidated  and  Business  Segment  Highlights  on  page  1,  Balance  Sheet,  Liquidity,  and  Capital 
Highlights on page 9 and on the Segment pages for each segment.

Reserve build (or release) is calculated by subtracting net charge-offs for the period from the provision for credit losses recognized in that period. 
The period-end allowance, or reserve, for credit losses reflects the beginning of the period allowance adjusted for net charge-offs recorded in that 
period plus the provision for credit losses and other valuation accounts recognized in that period.

Global Liquidity Sources (GLS) include cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities, inclusive of U.S. government securities, U.S. agency 
securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, and a select group of non-U.S. government and supranational securities, and other investment-
grade  securities,  and  are  readily  available  to  meet  funding  requirements  as  they  arise.  It  does  not  include  Federal  Reserve  Discount  Window  or 
Federal Home Loan Bank borrowing capacity. Transfers of liquidity among legal entities may be subject to certain regulatory and other restrictions.

Regulatory capital ratios at September 30, 2024 are preliminary. The Corporation reports regulatory capital ratios under both the Standardized and 
Advanced approaches. Capital adequacy is evaluated against the lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective 
regulatory  capital  ratio  requirements.  The  Corporation’s  binding  ratio  was  the  Total  capital  ratio  under  the  Standardized  approach  for  all  periods 
presented.

The below table includes Global Markets sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that the 
presentation of measures that exclude this item is useful because such measures provide additional information to assess the underlying operational 
performance and trends of our businesses and to allow better comparison of period-to-period operating performance.

($8) million, $5 million and ($13) million, and Equities net DVA gains (losses) were $0, ($6) million and ($3) million, respectively.

Pretax, pre-provision income (PTPI) is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by adjusting consolidated pretax income to add back provision for 
credit  losses.  Management  believes  that  PTPI  is  a  useful  financial  measure  as  it  enables  an  assessment  of  the  Company’s  ability  to  generate 
earnings to cover credit losses through a credit cycle and provides an additional basis for comparing the Company's results of operations between 
periods by isolating the impact of provision for credit losses, which can vary significantly between periods. For Reconciliations to GAAP Financial 
Measures, see page 19.

Estimated U.S. retail deposits based on June 30, 2024 FDIC deposit data.

Global Finance, April 2024.

Global Finance, October 2023.

J.D. Power 2024 Financial Health Support CertificationSM is based on exceeding customer experience benchmarks using client surveys and a best 
practices verification. For more information, visit jdpower.com/awards.*

Global Finance, 2024.

Family Wealth Report, 2024.

Global Private Banker, 2024.

Euromoney, 2024.

Treasury Management International, 2024.

Celent, 2024.

Coalition Greenwich, 2023.

GlobalCapital, 2024.

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan and Chief Financial Officer Alastair Borthwick will discuss third-
quarter 2024 financial results in an investor conference call at 8:30 a.m. ET today. The conference call and 
presentation materials can be accessed on the Bank of America Investor Relations website at
https://investor.bankofamerica.com.*

For  a  listen-only  connection  to  the  conference  call,  dial  1.877.200.4456  (U.S.)  or  1.785.424.1732 
(international). The conference ID is 79795. Please dial in 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. Investors 
can  access  replays  of  the  conference  call  by  visiting  the  Investor  Relations  website  or  by  calling 
1.800.934.4850  (U.S.)  or  1.402.220.1178  (international)  from  noon  October  15  through  11:59  p.m.  ET  on 
October 26.

Investors May Contact:
 Lee McEntire, Bank of America
 Phone: 1.980.388.6780
 lee.mcentire@bofa.com

Reporters May Contact:
Jocelyn Seidenfeld, Bank of America 
Phone: 1.646.743.3356
jocelyn.seidenfeld@bofa.com

Jonathan G. Blum, Bank of America (Fixed Income)
 Phone: 1.212.449.3112
 jonathan.blum@bofa.com

Bill Halldin, Bank of America
Phone: 1.916.724.0093
william.halldin@bofa.com

Bank of America
Bank of America is one of the world’s leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses 
and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products 
and  services.  The  company  provides  unmatched  convenience  in  the  United  States,  serving  approximately  69  million  consumer  and 
small business clients with approximately 3,700 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and 
award-winning  digital  banking  with  approximately  58  million  verified  digital  users.  Bank  of  America  is  a  global  leader  in  wealth 
management,  corporate  and  investment  banking  and  trading  across  a  broad  range  of  asset  classes,  serving  corporations, 
governments,  institutions  and  individuals  around  the  world.  Bank  of  America  offers  industry-leading  support  to  approximately  4 
million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients 
through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: 
BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

Forward-Looking Statements
Bank  of  America  Corporation  (the  Corporation)  and  its  management  may  make  certain  statements  that  constitute  “forward-looking 
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by the fact that 
they  do  not  relate  strictly  to  historical  or  current  facts.  Forward-looking  statements  often  use  words  such  as  “anticipates,”  “targets,” 
“expects,” “hopes,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “goals,” “believes,” “continue” and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs 
such  as  “will,”  “may,”  “might,”  “should,”  “would”  and  “could.”  Forward-looking  statements  represent  the  Corporation’s  current  expectations, 
plans or forecasts of its future results, revenues, liquidity, net interest income, provision for credit losses, expenses, efficiency ratio, capital 
measures,  strategy,  deposits,  assets,  and  future  business  and  economic  conditions  more  generally,  and  other  future  matters.  These 
statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
that are difficult to predict and are often beyond the Corporation’s control. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those 
expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking statements.

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the following uncertainties and risks, as well as the risks 
and  uncertainties  more  fully  discussed  under  Item  1A.  Risk  Factors  of  the  Corporation’s  2023  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  and  in  any  of  the 
Corporation’s subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings: the Corporation’s potential judgments, orders, settlements, penalties, fines 
and  reputational  damage,  which  are  inherently  difficult  to  predict,  resulting  from  pending,  threatened  or  future  litigation  and  regulatory 
investigations, proceedings and enforcement actions, of which the Corporation is subject to in the ordinary course of business, including matters 
related  to  our  processing  of  unemployment  benefits  for  California  and  certain  other  states,  the  features  of  our  automatic  credit  card  payment 
service,  the  adequacy  of  the  Corporation’s  anti-money  laundering  and  economic  sanctions  programs,  the  processing  of  electronic  payments  and 
related fraud and the rates paid on uninvested cash in investment advisory accounts that is swept into interest-paying bank deposits, which are in 
various stages; the possibility that the Corporation's future liabilities may be in excess of its recorded liability and estimated range of possible loss 
for  litigation,  and  regulatory  and  government  actions;  the  possibility  that  the  Corporation  could  face  increased  claims  from  one  or  more  parties 
involved  in  mortgage  securitizations;  the  Corporation’s  ability  to  resolve  representations  and  warranties  repurchase  and  related  claims;  the  risks 
related  to  the  discontinuation  of  reference  rates,  including  increased  expenses  and  litigation  and  the  effectiveness  of  hedging  strategies; 
uncertainties about the financial stability and growth rates of non-U.S. jurisdictions, the risk that those jurisdictions may face difficulties servicing 
their sovereign debt, and related stresses on financial markets, currencies and trade, and the Corporation’s exposures to such risks, including direct, 
indirect  and  operational;  the  impact  of  U.S.  and  global  interest  rates  (including  the  potential  for  ongoing  reductions  in  interest  rates),  inflation, 
currency exchange rates, economic conditions, trade policies and tensions, including tariffs, and potential geopolitical instability; the impact of the 
interest rate, inflationary, macroeconomic, banking and regulatory environment on the Corporation’s assets, business, financial condition and results 
of  operations;  the  impact  of  adverse  developments  affecting  the  U.S.  or  global  banking  industry,  including  bank  failures  and  liquidity  concerns, 
resulting in worsening economic and market volatility, and regulatory responses thereto; the possibility that future credit losses may be higher than 
currently  expected  due  to  changes  in  economic  assumptions,  customer  behavior,  adverse  developments  with  respect  to  U.S.  or  global  economic 
conditions  and  other  uncertainties,  including  the  impact  of  supply  chain  disruptions,  inflationary  pressures  and  labor  shortages  on  economic 
conditions and our business; potential losses related to the Corporation’s concentration of credit risk; the Corporation's ability to achieve its expense 
targets and expectations regarding revenue, net interest income, provision for credit losses, net charge-offs, effective tax rate, loan growth or other 
projections;  variances  to  the  underlying  assumptions  and  judgments  used  in  estimating  banking  book  net  interest  income  sensitivity;  adverse 
changes  to  the  Corporation’s  credit  ratings  from  the  major  credit  rating  agencies;  an  inability  to  access  capital  markets  or  maintain  deposits  or 
borrowing costs; estimates of the fair value and other accounting values, subject to impairment assessments, of certain of the Corporation’s assets 
and liabilities; the estimated or actual impact of changes in accounting standards or assumptions in applying those standards; uncertainty regarding 
the  content,  timing  and  impact  of  regulatory  capital  and  liquidity  requirements;  the  impact  of  adverse  changes  to  total  loss-absorbing  capacity 
requirements, stress capital buffer requirements and / or global systemically important bank surcharges; the potential impact of actions of the Board 
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on the Corporation’s capital plans; the effect of changes in or interpretations of income tax laws and 
regulations; the impact of implementation and compliance with U.S. and international laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations, including, but 
not  limited  to,  recovery  and  resolution  planning  requirements,  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  assessments,  the  Volcker  Rule,  fiduciary 
standards,  derivatives  regulations  and  potential  changes  to  loss  allocations  between  financial  institutions  and  customers,  including  for  losses 
incurred from the use of our products and services, including electronic payments and payment of checks, that were authorized by the customer but 
induced  by  fraud;  the  impact  of  failures  or  disruptions  in  or  breaches  of  the  Corporation’s  operations  or  information  systems,  or  those  of  third 
parties,  including  as  a  result  of  cybersecurity  incidents;  the  risks  related  to  the  development,  implementation,  use  and  management  of  emerging 
technologies,  including  artificial  intelligence  and  machine  learning;  the  risks  related  to  the  transition  and  physical  impacts  of  climate  change;  our 
ability  to  achieve  environmental,  social  and  governance  goals  and  commitments  or  the  impact  of  any  changes  in  the  Corporation's  sustainability 
strategy  or  commitments  generally;  the  impact  of  uncertain  or  changing  political  conditions  or  any  future  federal  government  shutdown  and 
uncertainty  regarding  the  federal  government’s  debt  limit  or  changes  in  fiscal,  monetary  or  regulatory  policy;  the  emergence  or  continuation  of 
widespread  health  emergencies  or  pandemics;  the  impact  of  natural  disasters,  extreme  weather  events,  military  conflicts  (including  the  Russia  / 
Ukraine conflict, the conflict in the Middle East, the possible expansion of such conflicts and potential geopolitical consequences), terrorism or other 
geopolitical events; and other matters.

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.

“Bank  of  America”  and  “BofA  Securities”  are  the  marketing  names  used  by  the  Global  Banking  and  Global  Markets  divisions  of  Bank  of  America 
Corporation. Lending, other commercial banking activities, and trading in certain financial instruments are performed globally by banking affiliates of 
Bank of America Corporation, including Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Trading in securities and financial instruments, and strategic advisory, 
and  other  investment  banking  activities,  are  performed  globally  by  investment  banking  affiliates  of  Bank  of  America  Corporation  (“Investment 
Banking Affiliates”) or other affiliates, including, in the United States, BofA Securities, Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, 
each of which are registered broker-dealers and Members of SIPC, and, in other jurisdictions, by locally registered entities. BofA Securities, Inc. is 
registered  as  a  futures  commission  merchant  with  the  CFTC  and  is  a  member  of  the  NFA.  Investment  products  offered  by  Investment  Banking 
Affiliates:  Are Not FDIC Insured · May Lose Value · Are Not Bank Guaranteed. Bank of America Corporation’s broker-dealers are not banks and are 
separate legal entities from their bank affiliates. The obligations of the broker-dealers are not obligations of their bank affiliates (unless explicitly 
stated otherwise), and these bank affiliates are not responsible for securities sold, offered, or recommended by the broker-dealers. The foregoing 
also applies to other non-bank affiliates.

For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom at https://
newsroom.bankofamerica.com.*

www.bankofamerica.com*

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

For footnotes, see page 15.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

(1) Return  on  average  tangible  common  shareholders’  equity  and  tangible  book  value  per  share  of  common  stock  are  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  We  believe  the  use  of  ratios  that  utilize  tangible  equity  provides 
additional useful information because they present measures of those assets that can generate income. Tangible book value per share provides additional useful information about the level of tangible assets in relation 
to outstanding shares of common stock. See Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures on page 19.

(2) Ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. Charge-off ratios are annualized for the quarterly presentation.
(3) Balances do not include past due consumer credit card loans, consumer loans secured by real estate where repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration and individually insured long-term stand-by

agreements (fully-insured home loans), and in general, other consumer and commercial loans not secured by real estate, and nonperforming loans held-for-sale or accounted for under the fair value option.

(4) Regulatory capital ratios at September 30, 2024 are preliminary. Bank of America Corporation reports regulatory capital ratios under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. Capital adequacy is evaluated 
against the lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements. The Corporation’s binding ratio was the Total capital ratio under the Standardized 
approach for all periods presented.

(5) Tangible equity ratio equals period-end tangible shareholders’ equity divided by period-end tangible assets. Tangible common equity ratio equals period-end tangible common shareholders’ equity divided by period-end 
tangible assets. Tangible shareholders’ equity and tangible assets are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of ratios that utilize tangible equity provides additional useful information because they present 
measures of those assets that can generate income. See Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures on page 19.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

capital. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently.

The Company reports the results of operations of its four business segments and All Other on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

capital. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

Number of financial centers - U.S.

Number of branded ATMs - U.S.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

The Corporation evaluates its business using certain non-GAAP financial measures, including pretax, pre-provision income (as defined in Endnote G on page 10) and ratios that utilize 
tangible equity and tangible assets, each of which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Tangible equity represents shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity reduced by goodwill 
and intangible assets (excluding mortgage servicing rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities (“adjusted” shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity). Return on average 
tangible common shareholders’ equity measures the Corporation’s net income applicable to common shareholders as a percentage of adjusted average common shareholders’ equity. 
The tangible common equity ratio represents adjusted ending common shareholders’ equity divided by total tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and intangible assets (excluding 
mortgage servicing rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities). Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity measures the Corporation’s net income as a percentage of adjusted 
average  total  shareholders’  equity.  The  tangible  equity  ratio  represents  adjusted  ending  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  total  tangible  assets.  Tangible  book  value  per  common  share 
represents  adjusted  ending  common  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  ending  common  shares  outstanding.  These  measures  are  used  to  evaluate  the  Corporation’s  use  of  equity.  In 
addition, profitability, relationship and investment models all use return on average tangible shareholders’ equity as key measures to support our overall growth goals.

See  the  tables  below  for  reconciliations  of  these  non-GAAP  financial  measures  to  the  most  directly  comparable  financial  measures  defined  by  GAAP  for  the  nine  months  ended 
September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the three months ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. The Corporation believes the use of these non-GAAP financial 
measures provides additional clarity in understanding its results of operations and trends. Other companies may define or calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.
</Bank of America RESULT>

<Bank of America RESULT>
• Net income of $6.7 billion, or $0.82 per diluted share, compared

to $3.1 billion, or $0.35 per diluted share, in 4Q234

• Revenue, net of interest expense, of $25.3 billion ($25.5 billion 
FTE),(A) up 15%. Adjusted for the 4Q23 BSBY cessation charge, 
revenue was up 8%.4 These increases were driven primarily by higher 
asset management and investment banking fees, and sales and 
trading revenue   
– Net interest income (NII) of $14.4 billion ($14.5 billion FTE),(A) up

• Provision for credit losses of $1.5 billion modestly improved from

3Q24 and increased from $1.1 billion in 4Q23

– Net charge-offs of $1.5 billion modestly improved from 3Q24 and

increased from $1.2 billion in 4Q23

– Net reserve release of $14 million vs. net reserve build of $8

million in 3Q24 and net reserve release of $88 million in 4Q23(D)
• Noninterest expense of $16.8 billion, down 5%, driven primarily by

• Net income of $2.8 billion

• Revenue of $10.6 billion, up 3%

• Net income of $1.2 billion

• Revenue of $6.0 billion, up 15%, driven by a 23% increase in asset 
management fees from higher market levels and strong AUM flows

• Client balances of $4.3 trillion, up 12% from 4Q23, driven by higher

– Average deposit balances of $1.96 trillion increased 3%

– Average loans and leases of $1.08 trillion increased 3% 
– Average Global Liquidity Sources of $953 billion(E)
– Common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital of $201 billion increased

– CET1 ratio of 11.9% (Standardized);(F) above regulatory minimum

– Returned $5.5 billion to shareholders; $2.0 billion through common

stock dividends and $3.5 billion in share repurchases

• Book value per common share rose 7% to $35.79; tangible book value

per common share rose 9% to $26.589

• Return on average common shareholders' equity ratio of 9.4%; return 
on average tangible common shareholders' equity ratio of 12.6%9

“We finished 2024 with a strong fourth quarter. Every source of 
revenue increased, and we saw better than industry growth in 
deposits and loans. We also ended with strong capital and liquidity, 
enabling us to return $21 billion of capital to shareholders in 2024.  
We believe this broad momentum sets up 2025 very well for Bank 
of America. I thank all my teammates for another great year, and 
together we look forward to driving the company forward in 2025 
against the backdrop of a solid economic environment."

• Net income of $2.1 billion

• Total investment banking fees (excl. self-led) of $1.7 billion, up 44%
• #3 investment banking fee ranking;  116 bps gain in market share8
• $582 billion in average deposits, up 10%
• Middle Market average loan balances up 5%10

• Sales and trading revenue up 13% to $4.1 billion, including net debit 
valuation adjustment (DVA) losses of $19 million. Excluding net DVA, 
up 10%.(G) 11th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth  
– Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities (FICC) revenue up 19%

to $2.5 billion. Excluding net DVA, up 13%

– Equities revenue up 7% to $1.6 billion. Excluding net DVA, up 6%

See pages 10 and 11 for endnotes. Amounts may not total due to rounding.
1 Revenue, net of interest expense.
2 Financial Highlights and Business Segment Highlights are compared to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
3 The Corporation reports the results of operations of its four business segments and All Other on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis. 
4 For more information on the FDIC special assessment and BSBY cessation charges recorded in 4Q23, see Endnote C on page 10. Adjusted amounts represent non-GAAP financial measures. 4Q24

noninterest expense includes the benefit of a $0.3B release of the FDIC assessment accrual.

5 Represents the percentage of consumer checking accounts that are estimated to be the customer’s primary account based on multiple relationship factors (e.g., linked to their direct deposit).
6 Consumer investment assets include client brokerage assets, deposit sweep balances, Bank of America, N.A. brokered CDs, and AUM in Consumer Banking.
7 Total payments represent payments made from Bank of America accounts using credit card, debit card, ACH, wires, billpay, person-to-person, cash and checks.
8 Source: Dealogic as of December 31, 2024.
9 Tangible book value per common share and return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity ratio represent non-GAAP financial measures. For more information, see page 20.
10 Includes loans to Global Commercial Banking clients, excluding commercial real estate and specialized industries.

“The team generated strong fee income throughout 2024, and we believe we are on track to continue growing net interest income in the year 
ahead. The fourth quarter also marked a return to operating leverage. Asset quality is healthy, and client spending continued to grow at a 
moderate pace, reflecting a solid economic environment. Looking towards 2025, we remain focused on delivering for our shareholders while 
supporting our clients’ growth and driving market share.”

($ in billions, except per share data)
Total revenue, net of interest expense
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense
Pretax income
Pretax, pre-provision income2(H)
Income tax expense
Net income
Diluted earnings per share
1 For more information on the FDIC special assessment and BSBY cessation charges recorded in 4Q23, see Endnote C on page 10.

2 Pretax, pre-provision income represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information, see page 20.

•  Net income of $2.8 billion 
•  Revenue of $10.6 billion,2 up 3%, driven primarily

•  Provision for credit losses of $1.3 billion

decreased 11%
– Net reserve build of $8 million in 4Q24 vs.

– Net charge-offs of $1.2 billion increased

•  Noninterest expense of $5.6 billion, up 8%,

Continued Business Leadership
• No. 1 in estimated U.S. Retail Deposits(a)
• No. 1 Small Business Lender(b) 
• Best Bank in North America(c)
• Best Bank in the U.S.(c)
• Certified by J.D. Power for Outstanding Client Satisfaction with Customer

• Merrill Edge Self-Directed No. 1 Overall Client Experience (7th

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

1  Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2  Revenue, net of interest expense.
3  The consumer credit card portfolio includes Consumer Banking and GWIM.
4  Represents the percentage of consumer checking accounts that are estimated to be the 
   customer’s primary account based on multiple relationship factors (e.g., linked to their
   direct deposit).
5  Consumer investment assets includes client brokerage assets, deposit sweep balances,
   Bank of America, N.A. brokered CDs, and AUM in Consumer Banking.
6  As of November 2024. Includes clients in Consumer, Small Business and GWIM.
7  Household adoption represents households with consumer bank login activities in a
   90-day period, as of November 2024. 
8  Includes Bank of America person-to-person payments sent and received through e-mail or

mobile identification. Zelle® users represent 90-day active users.

•  Net income of $1.2 billion
•  Revenue of $6.0 billion,2 up 15%, reflecting a 23% 
increase in asset management fees from higher 
market levels and strong AUM flows

• Noninterest expense of $4.4 billion increased 14%,

• No. 1 on Barron's Top 1200 Wealth Financial Advisors List (2024)
• No. 1 on the Financial Planning's 'Top 40 Advisors Under 40' List (2024) 
• No. 1 in Managed Personal Trust AUM(b)
• Best Private Bank (U.S.); Best Private Bank for Philanthropy and Family

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Revenue, net of interest expense.
3 Percentage of digitally active Merrill primary households across the enterprise ($250K+ in 
investable assets within the enterprise). Excludes Stock Plan and Banking-only households.
4 Includes Merrill Digital Households across the enterprise (excluding Stock Plan, Banking-only 
households, Retirement-only and 529-only) that receive statements digitally, as of November 
2024.

5 Includes mobile check deposits, remote deposit operations, and automated teller machine
  transactions, as of November 2024 for Private Bank and as of December 2024 for Merrill.
6 Percentage of digitally active Private Bank core relationships across the enterprise ($3MM+

in total balances) as of November 2024. Includes third-party activities and excludes 
Irrevocable Trust-only relationships, Institutional Philanthropic relationships, and exiting 
relationships.

• Net income of $2.1 billion 
• Revenue of $6.1 billion3 increased 3%, driven by

– Net reserve release of $30 million in 4Q24 vs.

$129 million in 3Q24 and $399 million in 4Q23(D)
• Noninterest expense of $3.0 billion increased 6%, 
driven by higher revenue-related expenses and  
investments in the business, including people 
and technology

Business Highlights1,2(B)
• Total Corporation investment banking fees (excl.

self-led) of $1.7 billion increased 44% 
– #3 in investment banking fees; 116 bps gain

($ in billions)
Average deposits
Average loans and leases
Total Corp. IB fees 
(excl. self-led)
Global Banking IB fees
Business Lending revenue
Global Transaction Services 
revenue
Efficiency ratio
Return on average allocated 
capital

• Relationships with 78% of the Global Fortune 500; 95% of the U.S.

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted.
2 Global Banking and Global Markets share in certain deal economics from investment
  banking, loan origination activities, and sales and trading activities.
3 Revenue, net of interest expense.
4 Source: Dealogic as of December 31, 2024.
5 Includes Commercial, Corporate, and Business Banking clients on CashPro® and BA360

platforms as of November 2024.

6 Includes CashPro, BA360, and Global Card Access. BA360 as of November 2024.

•  Net income of $941 million ($955 million ex. DVA)4
•  Revenue of $4.8 billion increased 18%, driven by 
higher sales and trading revenue and investment 
banking fees

• Noninterest expense of $3.5 billion increased 7%, 
driven by higher revenue-related expenses and 
investments in the business, including technology

• Sales and trading revenue of $4.1 billion increased

13% (ex. net DVA, up 10%)(G)
– FICC revenue increased 19% (ex. DVA, up

– Equities revenue increased 7% (ex. DVA, up

Total revenue 
(excl. net DVA)2,3,4
Provision (benefit) for 
credit losses
Noninterest expense

Net income 
(excl. net DVA)4

Sales and trading revenue 
(excl. net DVA)4(G)
Global Markets IB fees

See page 12 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. The explanations for current period-
  over-period changes for Global Markets are the same for amounts including and excluding

2 Global Banking and Global Markets share in certain deal economics from investment banking,
  loan origination activities, and sales and trading activities.
3 Revenue, net of interest expense. 
4 Revenue and net income, excluding net DVA, are non-GAAP financial measures. See Endnote

G on page 11 for more information.

5 VaR model uses a historical simulation approach based on three years of historical data and
  an expected shortfall methodology equivalent to a 99% confidence level. Average VaR was

$75MM, $78MM and $79MM for 4Q24, 3Q24 and 4Q23, respectively.

• Net loss of $407 million improved from a net loss 
of $3.8 billion in 4Q23, driven primarily by the 
absence of the 4Q23 FDIC special assessment and 
BSBY cessation charges, and the benefit of a $0.3 
billion release of the FDIC special assessment 
accrual in 4Q24(C)

($407)
Net income (loss)
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted.
2 Revenue, net of interest expense.

Note: All Other primarily consists of asset and liability management (ALM) activities, liquidating 
businesses and certain expenses not otherwise allocated to a business segment. ALM activities 
encompass interest rate and foreign currency risk management activities for which substantially 
all of the results are allocated to our business segments.

• Total net charge-offs of $1.5 billion modestly

– Consumer net charge-offs of $1.1 billion

– Credit card loss rate of 3.79% in 4Q24 vs. 3.70%

– Commercial net charge-offs of $359 million 
decreased $131 million compared to 3Q24
• Net charge-off ratio2 of 0.54% decreased 4 bps

•  Provision for credit losses of $1.5 billion decreased

$90 million vs. 3Q24

– Net reserve release of $14 million in 4Q24 vs. net 
reserve build of $8 million in 3Q24 and net reserve 
release of $88 million in 4Q23(D)

• Allowance for loan and lease losses of $13.2 billion

represented 1.21% of total loans and leases3 
– Total allowance for credit losses of $14.3 billion 
included $1.1 billion for unfunded commitments

• Nonperforming loans of $6.0 billion increased

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Net charge-off ratio is calculated as annualized net charge-offs divided by average

outstanding loans and leases during the period.

divided by loans and leases outstanding at the end of the period.

Note: Ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option.

1 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For reconciliations to GAAP financial measures, see page 20.

We present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance indicators (KPIs) that management uses when assessing consolidated and/or segment 
results.  We  believe  this  information  is  useful  because  it  provides  management  and  investors  with  information  about  underlying  operational 
performance  and  trends.  KPIs  are  presented  in  Consolidated  and  Business  Segment  Highlights  on  page  1,  Balance  Sheet,  Liquidity,  and  Capital 
Highlights on page 9 and on the Segment pages for each segment.

In  4Q23,  the  FDIC  imposed  a  special  assessment  to  recover  losses  to  the  Deposit  Insurance  Fund  arising  from  the  protection  of  uninsured 
depositors  of  Silicon  Valley  Bank  and  Signature  Bank  associated  with  their  closures.  Accordingly,  the  Corporation  recorded  pretax  noninterest 
expense of $2.1B in 4Q23 for its estimated assessment amount. Additionally, the Corporation recorded a net pretax charge of $1.6B in 4Q23 to 
noninterest income related to interest rate swaps used in cash flow hedges of certain loans that are indexed to the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank 
Yield  Index  (BSBY)  following  the  4Q23  announcement  that  BSBY  would  permanently  cease  effective  November  15,  2024.  The  Corporation  has 
presented certain non-GAAP financial measures (labeled as “adj.” in the tables below) that exclude the impacts of the FDIC special assessment (FDIC 
SA) and/or the BSBY charge, and has provided a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures as set forth below. The Corporation believes 
the use of non-GAAP financial measures adjusting for the impact of the FDIC SA and the BSBY charge provide additional information for evaluating 
its results of operations and comparing its operational performance between periods by excluding these impacts that may not be reflective of its 
underlying operating performance.

Note: Amounts may not total due to rounding.

6 Calculated as noninterest expense divided by revenue, net of interest expense.

Reserve build (or release) is calculated by subtracting net charge-offs for the period from the provision for credit losses recognized in that period. 
The period-end allowance, or reserve, for credit losses reflects the beginning of the period allowance adjusted for net charge-offs recorded in that 
period plus the provision for credit losses and other valuation accounts recognized in that period.

Global Liquidity Sources (GLS) include cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities, inclusive of U.S. government securities, U.S. agency 
securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, and a select group of non-U.S. government and supranational securities, and other investment-
grade  securities,  and  are  readily  available  to  meet  funding  requirements  as  they  arise.  It  does  not  include  Federal  Reserve  Discount  Window  or 
Federal Home Loan Bank borrowing capacity. Transfers of liquidity among legal entities may be subject to certain regulatory and other restrictions.

Regulatory capital ratios at December 31, 2024 are preliminary. The Corporation reports regulatory capital ratios under both the Standardized and 
Advanced approaches. Capital adequacy is evaluated against the lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective 
regulatory  capital  ratio  requirements.  The  Corporation’s  binding  ratio  was  the  Total  capital  ratio  under  the  Standardized  approach  for  all  periods 
presented.

The below table includes Global Markets sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that the 
presentation of measures that exclude this item is useful because such measures provide additional information to assess the underlying operational 
performance and trends of our businesses and to allow better comparison of period-to-period operating performance.

were ($18) million, ($8) million and ($127) million, and Equities net DVA gains (losses) were ($1) million, $0 and ($5) million, respectively.

Pretax, pre-provision income (PTPI) is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by adjusting consolidated pretax income to add back provision for 
credit  losses.  Management  believes  that  PTPI  is  a  useful  financial  measure  as  it  enables  an  assessment  of  the  Company’s  ability  to  generate 
earnings to cover credit losses through a credit cycle and provides an additional basis for comparing the Company's results of operations between 
periods by isolating the impact of provision for credit losses, which can vary significantly between periods. For Reconciliations to GAAP Financial 
Measures, see page 20.

Estimated U.S. retail deposits based on June 30, 2024 FDIC deposit data.

FDIC, 3Q24.

Global Finance, April 2024.

J.D. Power 2024 Financial Health Support CertificationSM is based on exceeding customer experience benchmarks using client surveys and a best 
practices verification. For more information, visit jdpower.com/awards.*

StockBrokers.com 2024 Annual Broker Review.*

Global Finance, 2024.

Professional Wealth Management, 2024.

Money Management Institute (MMI)/Barron’s Digital Innovation Awards, 2024.

Euromoney, 2024.

Treasury Management International, 2024.

Celent, 2024.

Risk Awards, 2025.

Extel, 2024.

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan and Chief Financial Officer Alastair Borthwick will discuss fourth-
quarter 2024 financial results in an investor conference call at 11:00 a.m. ET today. The conference call and 
presentation materials can be accessed on the Bank of America Investor Relations website at
https://investor.bankofamerica.com.*

For  a  listen-only  connection  to  the  conference  call,  dial  1.877.200.4456  (U.S.)  or  1.785.424.1732 
(international). The conference ID is 79795. Please dial in 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. Investors 
can  access  replays  of  the  conference  call  by  visiting  the  Investor  Relations  website  or  by  calling 
1.800.934.4850  (U.S.)  or  1.402.220.1178  (international)  from  noon  January  16  through  11:59  p.m.  ET  on 
January 26.

Investors May Contact:
 Lee McEntire, Bank of America
 Phone: 1.980.388.6780
 lee.mcentire@bofa.com

Reporters May Contact:
Jocelyn Seidenfeld, Bank of America 
Phone: 1.646.743.3356
jocelyn.seidenfeld@bofa.com

Jonathan G. Blum, Bank of America (Fixed Income)
 Phone: 1.212.449.3112
 jonathan.blum@bofa.com

Bill Halldin, Bank of America
Phone: 1.916.724.0093
william.halldin@bofa.com

Bank of America
Bank of America is one of the world’s leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses 
and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products 
and  services.  The  company  provides  unmatched  convenience  in  the  United  States,  serving  approximately  69  million  consumer  and 
small business clients with 3,700 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning 
digital  banking  with  approximately  58  million  verified  digital  users.  Bank  of  America  is  a  global  leader  in  wealth  management, 
corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions 
and  individuals  around  the  world.  Bank  of  America  offers  industry-leading  support  to  approximately  4  million  small  business 
households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations 
across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the 
New York Stock Exchange.

Forward-Looking Statements
Bank  of  America  Corporation  (the  Corporation)  and  its  management  may  make  certain  statements  that  constitute  “forward-looking 
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by the fact that 
they  do  not  relate  strictly  to  historical  or  current  facts.  Forward-looking  statements  often  use  words  such  as  “anticipates,”  “targets,” 
“expects,” “hopes,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “goals,” “believes,” “continue” and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs 
such  as  “will,”  “may,”  “might,”  “should,”  “would”  and  “could.”  Forward-looking  statements  represent  the  Corporation’s  current  expectations, 
plans or forecasts of its future results, revenues, liquidity, net interest income, provision for credit losses, expenses, efficiency ratio, capital 
measures,  strategy,  deposits,  assets,  and  future  business  and  economic  conditions  more  generally,  and  other  future  matters.  These 
statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
that are difficult to predict and are often beyond the Corporation’s control. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those 
expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking statements.

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the following uncertainties and risks, as well as the risks 
and  uncertainties  more  fully  discussed  under  Item  1A.  Risk  Factors  of  the  Corporation’s  2023  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  and  in  any  of  the 
Corporation’s subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings: the Corporation’s potential judgments, orders, settlements, penalties, fines 
and  reputational  damage,  which  are  inherently  difficult  to  predict,  resulting  from  pending,  threatened  or  future  litigation  and  regulatory 
investigations, proceedings and enforcement actions, of which the Corporation is subject to in the ordinary course of business, including matters 
related  to  our  processing  of  unemployment  benefits  for  California  and  certain  other  states,  the  features  of  our  automatic  credit  card  payment 
service,  the  adequacy  of  the  Corporation’s  anti-money  laundering  and  economic  sanctions  programs,  the  processing  of  electronic  payments  and 
related fraud and the rates paid on uninvested cash in investment advisory accounts that is swept into interest-paying bank deposits, which are in 
various stages; the possibility that the Corporation's future liabilities may be in excess of its recorded liability and estimated range of possible loss 
for  litigation,  and  regulatory  and  government  actions;  the  possibility  that  the  Corporation  could  face  increased  claims  from  one  or  more  parties 
involved  in  mortgage  securitizations;  the  Corporation’s  ability  to  resolve  representations  and  warranties  repurchase  and  related  claims;  the  risks 
related  to  the  discontinuation  of  reference  rates,  including  increased  expenses  and  litigation  and  the  effectiveness  of  hedging  strategies; 
uncertainties about the financial stability and growth rates of non-U.S. jurisdictions, the risk that those jurisdictions may face difficulties servicing 
their sovereign debt, and related stresses on financial markets, currencies and trade, and the Corporation’s exposures to such risks, including direct, 
indirect  and  operational;  the  impact  of  U.S.  and  global  interest  rates  (including  the  potential  for  ongoing  adjustments  in  interest  rates),  inflation, 
currency exchange rates, economic conditions, trade policies and tensions, including tariffs and potential significant increases thereto, and potential 
geopolitical instability; the impact of the interest rate, inflationary, macroeconomic, banking and regulatory environment on the Corporation’s assets, 
business, financial condition and results of operations; the impact of adverse developments affecting the U.S. or global banking industry, including 
bank  failures  and  liquidity  concerns,  resulting  in  worsening  economic  and  market  volatility,  and  regulatory  responses  thereto;  the  possibility  that 
future credit losses may be higher than currently expected due to changes in economic assumptions, customer behavior, adverse developments with 
respect to U.S. or global economic conditions and other uncertainties, including the impact of supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures and 
labor shortages on economic conditions and our business; potential losses related to the Corporation’s concentration of credit risk; the Corporation's 
ability to achieve its expense targets and expectations regarding revenue, net interest income, provision for credit losses, net charge-offs, effective 
tax  rate,  loan  growth  or  other  projections;  variances  to  the  underlying  assumptions  and  judgments  used  in  estimating  banking  book  net  interest 
income sensitivity; adverse changes to the Corporation’s credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies; an inability to access capital markets 
or maintain deposits or borrowing costs; estimates of the fair value and other accounting values, subject to impairment assessments, of certain of 
the  Corporation’s  assets  and  liabilities;  the  estimated  or  actual  impact  of  changes  in  accounting  standards  or  assumptions  in  applying  those 
standards; uncertainty regarding the content, timing and impact of regulatory capital and liquidity requirements; the impact of adverse changes to 
total loss-absorbing capacity requirements, stress capital buffer requirements and / or global systemically important bank surcharges; the potential 
impact  of  actions  of  the  Board  of  Governors  of  the  Federal  Reserve  System  on  the  Corporation’s  capital  plans;  the  effect  of  changes  in  or 
interpretations of income tax laws and regulations; the impact of implementation and compliance with U.S. and international laws, regulations and 
regulatory  interpretations,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  recovery  and  resolution  planning  requirements,  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation 
assessments, the Volcker Rule, fiduciary standards, derivatives regulations and potential changes to loss allocations between financial institutions 
and customers, including for losses incurred from the use of our products and services, including electronic payments and payment of checks, that 
were  authorized  by  the  customer  but  induced  by  fraud;  the  impact  of  failures  or  disruptions  in  or  breaches  of  the  Corporation’s  operations  or 
information systems, or those of third parties, including as a result of cybersecurity incidents; the risks related to the development, implementation, 
use and management of emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning; the risks related to the transition and physical 
impacts of climate change; our ability to achieve environmental, social and governance goals and commitments or the impact of any changes in the 
Corporation's  sustainability  strategy  or  commitments  generally;  the  impact  of  uncertain  or  changing  political  conditions  or  any  future  federal 
government  shutdown  and  uncertainty  regarding  the  federal  government’s  debt  limit  or  changes  in  fiscal,  monetary  or  regulatory  policy;  the 
emergence  or  continuation  of  widespread  health  emergencies  or  pandemics;  the  impact  of  natural  disasters,  extreme  weather  events,  military 
conflicts (including the Russia / Ukraine conflict, the conflict in the Middle East, the possible expansion of such conflicts and potential geopolitical 
consequences), terrorism or other geopolitical events; and other matters.

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.

“Bank  of  America”  and  “BofA  Securities”  are  the  marketing  names  used  by  the  Global  Banking  and  Global  Markets  divisions  of  Bank  of  America 
Corporation. Lending, other commercial banking activities, and trading in certain financial instruments are performed globally by banking affiliates of 
Bank of America Corporation, including Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Trading in securities and financial instruments, and strategic advisory, 
and  other  investment  banking  activities,  are  performed  globally  by  investment  banking  affiliates  of  Bank  of  America  Corporation  (“Investment 
Banking Affiliates”) or other affiliates, including, in the United States, BofA Securities, Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, 
each of which are registered broker-dealers and Members of SIPC, and, in other jurisdictions, by locally registered entities. BofA Securities, Inc. is 
registered  as  a  futures  commission  merchant  with  the  CFTC  and  is  a  member  of  the  NFA.  Investment  products  offered  by  Investment  Banking 
Affiliates:  Are Not FDIC Insured · May Lose Value · Are Not Bank Guaranteed. Bank of America Corporation’s broker-dealers are not banks and are 
separate legal entities from their bank affiliates. The obligations of the broker-dealers are not obligations of their bank affiliates (unless explicitly 
stated otherwise), and these bank affiliates are not responsible for securities sold, offered, or recommended by the broker-dealers. The foregoing 
also applies to other non-bank affiliates.

For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom at https://
newsroom.bankofamerica.com.*

www.bankofamerica.com*

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

For footnotes, see page 16.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

(1) Return  on  average  tangible  common  shareholders’  equity  and  tangible  book  value  per  share  of  common  stock  are  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  We  believe  the  use  of  ratios  that  utilize  tangible  equity  provides 
additional useful information because they present measures of those assets that can generate income. Tangible book value per share provides additional useful information about the level of tangible assets in relation 
to outstanding shares of common stock. See Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures on page 20.

(2) Ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. Charge-off ratios are annualized for the quarterly presentation.
(3) Balances do not include past due consumer credit card loans, consumer loans secured by real estate where repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration and individually insured long-term stand-by

agreements (fully-insured home loans), and in general, other consumer and commercial loans not secured by real estate, and nonperforming loans held-for-sale or accounted for under the fair value option.

(4) Regulatory capital ratios at December 31, 2024 are preliminary. Bank of America Corporation reports regulatory capital ratios under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. Capital adequacy is evaluated 
against the lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements. The Corporation’s binding ratio was the Total capital ratio under the Standardized 
approach for all periods presented.

(5) Tangible equity ratio equals period-end tangible shareholders’ equity divided by period-end tangible assets. Tangible common equity ratio equals period-end tangible common shareholders’ equity divided by period-end 
tangible assets. Tangible shareholders’ equity and tangible assets are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of ratios that utilize tangible equity provides additional useful information because they present 
measures of those assets that can generate income. See Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures on page 20.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

capital. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently.

The Company reports the results of operations of its four business segments and All Other on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

capital. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

Number of financial centers - U.S.

Number of branded ATMs - U.S.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

The Corporation evaluates its business using certain non-GAAP financial measures, including pretax, pre-provision income (as defined in Endnote H on page 11) and ratios that utilize 
tangible equity and tangible assets, each of which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Tangible equity represents shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity reduced by goodwill 
and intangible assets (excluding mortgage servicing rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities (“adjusted” shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity). Return on average 
tangible common shareholders’ equity measures the Corporation’s net income applicable to common shareholders as a percentage of adjusted average common shareholders’ equity. 
The tangible common equity ratio represents adjusted ending common shareholders’ equity divided by total tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and intangible assets (excluding 
mortgage servicing rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities). Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity measures the Corporation’s net income as a percentage of adjusted 
average  total  shareholders’  equity.  The  tangible  equity  ratio  represents  adjusted  ending  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  total  tangible  assets.  Tangible  book  value  per  common  share 
represents  adjusted  ending  common  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  ending  common  shares  outstanding.  These  measures  are  used  to  evaluate  the  Corporation’s  use  of  equity.  In 
addition, profitability, relationship and investment models all use return on average tangible shareholders’ equity as key measures to support our overall growth goals.

See the tables below for reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures defined by GAAP for the years ended December 31, 
2024 and 2023, and the three months ended December 31, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Corporation believes the use of these non-GAAP financial measures 
provides additional clarity in understanding its results of operations and trends. Other companies may define or calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.
</Bank of America RESULT>

<Bank of America RESULT>
• Net income of $7.4 billion, or $0.90 per diluted share, compared

to $6.7 billion, or $0.76 per diluted share

• Net income of $2.5 billion

• Revenue of $10.5 billion, up 3%

• Provision for credit losses of $1.5 billion increased from $1.3 billion

– Net charge-offs of $1.5 billion were flat to 1Q24 and 4Q24

• Net income of $1.0 billion

• Noninterest expense of $17.8 billion, up 3%, driven primarily by higher

revenue-related expenses and investments in people, technology, 
operations and brand, partially offset by the absence of the $0.7 billion 
1Q24 FDIC special assessment expense

• Revenue of $6.0 billion, up 8%, driven by a 15% increase in asset

• Client balances of $4.2 trillion, up 5% from 1Q24, driven by positive

– Average deposit balances of $1.96 trillion increased 3%, seven

– Average loans and leases of $1.09 trillion increased 4% 
– Average Global Liquidity Sources of $942 billion(C)
– Common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital of $201 billion was flat

• Net income of $1.9 billion

– CET1 ratio of 11.8% (Standardized);(D) well above regulatory

minimum of 10.7%

– Returned $6.5 billion to shareholders; $2.0 billion through common

stock dividends and $4.5 billion in share repurchases

• Book value per common share rose 8% to $36.39; tangible book value

per common share rose 9% to $27.128

• Total Corporation investment banking fees (excl. self-led) of $1.5

• Return on average common shareholders' equity ratio of 10.4%; return

on average tangible common shareholders' equity ratio of 13.9%8

“We had a good first quarter, with earnings per share of $0.90 up from 
$0.76 last year. This reflected growth in net interest income and fee 
income, while sales and trading delivered its 12th consecutive quarter 
of year-over-year revenue growth. Our business clients have been 
performing well; and consumers have shown resilience, continuing to 
spend and maintaining healthy credit quality. Though we potentially 
face a changing economy in the future, we believe the disciplined 
investments we have made for high-quality growth, our diverse set of 
businesses, and the team’s relentless focus on Responsible Growth 
will remain a source of strength.”

• Net income of $1.9 billion

• Sales and trading revenue up 11% to $5.7 billion including net debit

valuation adjustment (DVA) gains of $19 million. Excluding net DVA, up 
9%.(E) 12th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth  
– Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities (FICC) revenue up 8% to

$3.5 billion. Excluding net DVA, up 5%(E)

– Equities revenue reached new record of $2.2 billion, up 17%

See page 10 for endnotes. Amounts may not total due to rounding.
1 Revenue, net of interest expense.
2 Financial Highlights and Business Segment Highlights are compared to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
3 The Corporation reports the results of operations of its four business segments and All Other on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis.
4 Represents the percentage of consumer checking accounts that are estimated to be the customer’s primary account based on multiple relationship factors (e.g., linked to their direct deposit).
5 End of period. Consumer investment assets include client brokerage assets, deposit sweep balances, Bank of America, N.A. brokered CDs, and AUM in Consumer Banking.
6 Total payments represent payments made from Bank of America accounts using credit card, debit card, ACH, wires, billpay, person-to-person, cash and checks.
7 Source: Dealogic as of March 31, 2025.
8 Tangible book value per common share and return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity ratio represent non-GAAP financial measures. For more information, see page 18.
9  Includes loans to Global Commercial Banking clients, excluding commercial real estate and specialized industries.

“We grew average deposits for the seventh consecutive quarter to nearly $2 trillion. Asset quality remained stable reflecting years of 
responsible lending, while our strong capital and liquidity levels allowed us to support our clients’ growth and return $6.5 billion to shareholders. 
We run our business in a manner intended to withstand volatility for the long-term. And through our capabilities, relationships and financial 
flexibility, we believe we are well-positioned to continue delivering for our clients and shareholders.”

1 Pretax, pre-provision income represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information, see page 18.

•  Net income of $2.5 billion 
•  Revenue of $10.5 billion,2 up 3%, driven by higher

•  Provision for credit losses of $1.3 billion

increased 12%
– Net reserve build of $30 million in 1Q25 vs.

– Net charge-offs of $1.3 billion increased

•  Noninterest expense of $5.8 billion, up 6%, 
driven by investments in operations, people 
and technology

• 49 million active digital banking users, up 1.9

Continued Business Leadership
• No. 1 in U.S. Consumer Deposits(a)
• No. 1 Small Business Lender(b) 
• Certified by J.D. Power for Outstanding Client Satisfaction with Customer

• Merrill Edge Self-Directed No. 1 Overall Client Experience (7th

See page 11 for Business Leadership sources.

1  Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2  Revenue, net of interest expense.
3  The consumer credit card portfolio includes Consumer Banking and GWIM.
4  Represents the percentage of consumer checking accounts that are estimated to be the 
   customer’s primary account based on multiple relationship factors (e.g., linked to their
   direct deposit).
5  End of period. Consumer investment assets includes client brokerage assets, deposit sweep

balances, Bank of America, N.A. brokered CDs, and AUM in Consumer Banking.
6  As of February 2025. Includes clients in Consumer, Small Business and GWIM.
7  Household adoption represents households with consumer bank login activities in a
   90-day period, as of February 2025. 
8  Includes Bank of America person-to-person payments sent and received through e-mail or

mobile identification. Zelle® users represent 90-day active users.

•  Net income of $1.0 billion
•  Revenue of $6.0 billion,2 up 8%, driven by a 15% 
increase in asset management fees from strong 
AUM flows and higher market levels

• Noninterest expense of $4.7 billion increased 9%,

• No. 1 on Financial Planning's 'Top 40 Advisors Under 40' List (2025) 
• No. 1 in Managed Personal Trust AUM(b)
• Best Private Bank(e)
• Best Private Bank in the U.S., Best Private Bank for Philanthropy and

See page 11 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Revenue, net of interest expense.
3 Percentage of digitally active Merrill primary households across the enterprise ($250K+ in

investable assets within the enterprise) as of March 2025. Excludes Stock Plan and Banking-
only households.

households, Retirement-only and 529-only) and Private Bank relationships that receive 
statements digitally, as of February 2025 for Private Bank and as of March 2025 for Merrill.

5 Includes mobile check deposits, remote deposit operations, and automated teller machine
  transactions, as of February 2025 for Private Bank and as of March 2025 for Merrill.
6 Percentage of digitally active Private Bank core relationships across the enterprise ($3MM+

in total balances) as of February 2025. Includes third-party activities and excludes Irrevocable 
Trust-only relationships, Institutional Philanthropic relationships, and exiting relationships.

• Net income of $1.9 billion 
• Revenue of $6.0 billion3 was flat, as gains related to 
leveraged finance positions and higher treasury 
service charges were offset by lower NII

– Net reserve release of $33 million in 1Q25 vs.

• Noninterest expense of $3.2 billion increased 6%, 
driven by investments in the business, including 
technology and operations

Business Highlights1,2(B)
• Total Corporation investment banking fees (excl.

self-led) of $1.5 billion decreased 3%

($ in billions)
Average deposits
Average loans and leases
Total Corp. IB fees 
(excl. self-led)
Global Banking IB fees
Business Lending revenue
Global Transaction Services 
revenue
Efficiency ratio
Return on average allocated 
capital

• 2025 Share Leader and Best Bank Award for U.S. Corporate Banking &

• Relationships with 78% of the Global Fortune 500; 95% of the U.S.

See page 11 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted.
2 Global Banking and Global Markets share in certain deal economics from investment
  banking, loan origination activities, and sales and trading activities.
3 Revenue, net of interest expense.
4 Source: Dealogic as of March 31, 2025.
5 Includes Commercial, Corporate, and Business Banking clients on CashPro® and BA360

platforms as of February 2025.

6 Includes CashPro, BA360, and Global Card Access. BA360 as of February 2025.

•  Net income of $1.9 billion (incl. and ex. DVA)4
•  Revenue of $6.6 billion increased 12%, driven

• Noninterest expense of $3.8 billion increased 9%, 
driven by higher revenue-related expenses and 
investments in the business, including people and 
technology

• Sales and trading revenue of $5.7 billion increased

11% (ex. net DVA, up 9%)(E)
– FICC revenue increased 8% (ex. DVA, increased 
5%)(E) to $3.5 billion, driven by strong trading 
performance in macro products and continued 
strength in credit products

– Record Equities revenue of $2.2 billion increased 
17% (incl. and ex. DVA),(E) driven by improved 
trading performance and increased client activity

Total revenue 
(excl. net DVA)2,3,4
Provision (benefit) for 
credit losses
Noninterest expense

Net income 
(excl. net DVA)4

Sales and trading revenue 
(excl. net DVA)4(E)
Global Markets IB fees

See page 11 for Business Leadership sources.

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. The explanations for current period-
  over-period changes for Global Markets are the same for amounts including and excluding

2 Global Banking and Global Markets share in certain deal economics from investment banking,
  loan origination activities, and sales and trading activities.
3 Revenue, net of interest expense. 
4 Revenue and net income, excluding net DVA, are non-GAAP financial measures. See Endnote

E on page 10 for more information.

5 VaR model uses a historical simulation approach based on three years of historical data and
  an expected shortfall methodology equivalent to a 99% confidence level. Average VaR was 
$91MM, $68MM and $64MM for 1Q25, 4Q24 and 1Q24, respectively. For more information 
on VaR, see Endnote H on page 10.

($4)
Net income (loss)
1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted.
2 Revenue, net of interest expense.

Note: All Other primarily consists of asset and liability management (ALM) activities, liquidating 
businesses and certain expenses not otherwise allocated to a business segment. ALM activities 
encompass interest rate and foreign currency risk management activities for which substantially 
all of the results are allocated to our business segments.

• Total net charge-offs of $1.5 billion were flat

– Consumer net charge-offs of $1.1 billion

– Credit card loss rate of 4.05% in 1Q25 vs. 3.79% 
in 4Q24 as seasonally-higher 4Q24 late stage 
delinquencies rolled through to charge-off
▪ Early- and late-stage credit card delinquencies

– Commercial net charge-offs of $333 million 
decreased $26 million compared to 4Q24
• Net charge-off ratio2 of 0.54% was flat to 4Q24

•  Provision for credit losses of $1.5 billion was flat

– Net reserve build of $28 million in 1Q25 vs. net

• Allowance for loan and lease losses of $13.3 billion

represented 1.20% of total loans and leases3 
– Total allowance for credit losses of $14.4 billion 
included $1.1 billion for unfunded commitments

• Nonperforming loans of $6.1 billion increased

$27.7 billion increased $1.2 billion from 4Q24

1 Comparisons are to the year-ago quarter unless noted. 
2 Net charge-off ratio is calculated as annualized net charge-offs divided by average

outstanding loans and leases during the period.

divided by loans and leases outstanding at the end of the period.

Note: Ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option.

1 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For reconciliations to GAAP financial measures, see page 18.

We present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance indicators (KPIs) that management uses when assessing consolidated and/or segment 
results.  We  believe  this  information  is  useful  because  it  provides  management  and  investors  with  information  about  underlying  operational 
performance  and  trends.  KPIs  are  presented  in  Consolidated  and  Business  Segment  Highlights  on  page  1,  Balance  Sheet,  Liquidity,  and  Capital 
Highlights on page 9 and on the Segment pages for each segment.

Global Liquidity Sources (GLS) include cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities, inclusive of U.S. government securities, U.S. agency 
securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, and a select group of non-U.S. government and supranational securities, and other investment-
grade securities, and are readily available to meet funding requirements as they arise. Transfers of liquidity among legal entities may be subject to 
certain regulatory and other restrictions.

Regulatory  capital  ratios  at  March  31,  2025  are  preliminary.  The  Corporation  reports  regulatory  capital  ratios  under  both  the  Standardized  and 
Advanced approaches. Capital adequacy is evaluated against the lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective 
regulatory  capital  ratio  requirements.  The  Corporation’s  binding  ratio  was  the  Tier  1  capital  ratio  under  the  Standardized  approach  at  March  31, 
2025 and the Total capital ratio under the Standardized approach at December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2024.

The below table includes Global Markets sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that the 
presentation of measures that exclude this item is useful because such measures provide additional information to assess the underlying operational 
performance and trends of our businesses and to allow better comparison of period-to-period operating performance.

Pretax, pre-provision income (PTPI) is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by adjusting consolidated pretax income to add back provision for 
credit  losses.  Management  believes  that  PTPI  is  a  useful  financial  measure  as  it  enables  an  assessment  of  the  Company’s  ability  to  generate 
earnings to cover credit losses through a credit cycle and provides an additional basis for comparing the Company's results of operations between 
periods by isolating the impact of provision for credit losses, which can vary significantly between periods. For Reconciliations to GAAP Financial 
Measures, see page 18.

Reserve build (or release) is calculated by subtracting net charge-offs for the period from the provision for credit losses recognized in that period. 
The period-end allowance, or reserve, for credit losses reflects the beginning of the period allowance adjusted for net charge-offs recorded in that 
period plus the provision for credit losses and other valuation accounts recognized in that period.

Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, the VaR amounts for all periods presented are those used in the Corporation’s risk management of its trading 
portfolios.  Previously,  the  VaR  amounts  presented  were  those  used  for  regulatory  capital.  The  trading  portfolio  represents  trading  assets  and 
liabilities, primarily consisting of regular underwriting or dealing in securities and derivative contracts, and acquiring positions as an accommodation 
to customers.

4Q24 FFIEC Call Reports.

FDIC, 4Q24.

J.D. Power 2024 Financial Health Support CertificationSM is based on exceeding customer experience benchmarks using client surveys and a best 
practices verification. For more information, visit jdpower.com/awards.*

StockBrokers.com* 2024 Annual Broker Review.

With Intelligence, 2025.

Global Finance, 2025.

Euromoney, 2024.

Treasury Management International, 2025.

Global Finance, 2024.

Coalition Greenwich, 2025.

Extel, 2024.

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan and Chief Financial Officer Alastair Borthwick will discuss first-
quarter 2025 financial results in an investor conference call at 8:30 a.m. ET today. The conference call and 
presentation materials can be accessed on the Bank of America Investor Relations website at
https://investor.bankofamerica.com.*

For  a  listen-only  connection  to  the  conference  call,  dial  1.877.200.4456  (U.S.)  or  1.785.424.1732 
(international). The conference ID is 79795. Please dial in 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. Investors 
can  access  replays  of  the  conference  call  by  visiting  the  Investor  Relations  website  or  by  calling 
1.800.934.4850 (U.S.) or 1.402.220.1178 (international) from noon April 15 through 11:59 p.m. ET on April 25.

Investors May Contact:
 Lee McEntire, Bank of America
 Phone: 1.980.388.6780
 lee.mcentire@bofa.com

Jonathan G. Blum, Bank of America (Fixed Income)
 Phone: 1.212.449.3112
 jonathan.blum@bofa.com

Reporters May Contact:
Jocelyn Seidenfeld, Bank of America 
Phone: 1.646.743.3356
jocelyn.seidenfeld@bofa.com

Tim Hurkmans, Bank of America
Phone: 1.929.656.1718
tim.hurkmans@bofa.com

Bank of America
Bank of America is one of the world’s leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses 
and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products 
and  services.  The  company  provides  unmatched  convenience  in  the  United  States,  serving  approximately  69  million  consumer  and 
small business clients with approximately 3,700 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and 
award-winning  digital  banking  with  approximately  59  million  verified  digital  users.  Bank  of  America  is  a  global  leader  in  wealth 
management,  corporate  and  investment  banking  and  trading  across  a  broad  range  of  asset  classes,  serving  corporations, 
governments,  institutions  and  individuals  around  the  world.  Bank  of  America  offers  industry-leading  support  to  approximately  4 
million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients 
through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: 
BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

Forward-Looking Statements
Bank  of  America  Corporation  (the  Corporation)  and  its  management  may  make  certain  statements  that  constitute  “forward-looking 
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by the fact that 
they  do  not  relate  strictly  to  historical  or  current  facts.  Forward-looking  statements  often  use  words  such  as  “anticipates,”  “targets,” 
“expects,”  “hopes,”  “estimates,”  “intends,”  “plans,”  “goals,”  “outlook,”  “believes,”  “continue”  and  other  similar  expressions  or  future  or 
conditional  verbs  such  as  “will,”  “may,”  “might,”  “should,”  “would”  and  “could.”  Forward-looking  statements  represent  the  Corporation’s 
current expectations, plans or forecasts of its future results, revenues, liquidity, net interest income, provision for credit losses, expenses, 
efficiency ratio, capital measures, strategy, deposits, assets, and future business and economic conditions more generally, and other future 
matters. These statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties 
and  assumptions  that  are  difficult  to  predict  and  are  often  beyond  the  Corporation’s  control.  Actual  outcomes  and  results  may  differ 
materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking statements.

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the following uncertainties and risks, as well as the risks 
and  uncertainties  more  fully  discussed  under  Item  1A.  Risk  Factors  of  our  2024  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  and  in  any  of  the  Corporation’s 
subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings: the Corporation’s potential judgments, orders, settlements, penalties, fines and reputational 
damage, which are inherently difficult to predict, resulting from pending, threatened or future litigation and regulatory investigations, proceedings 
and  enforcement  actions,  which  the  Corporation  is  subject  to  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  including  matters  related  to  our  processing  of 
unemployment  benefits  for  California  and  certain  other  states,  the  features  of  our  automatic  credit  card  payment  service,  the  adequacy  of  the 
Corporation’s  anti-money  laundering  and  economic  sanctions  programs  and  the  processing  of  electronic  payments,  including  through  the  Zelle 
network,  and  related  fraud,  which  are  in  various  stages;  the  possibility  that  the  Corporation's  future  liabilities  may  be  in  excess  of  its  recorded 
liability  and  estimated  range  of  possible  loss  for  litigation,  and  regulatory  and  government  actions;  the  Corporation’s  ability  to  resolve 
representations  and  warranties  repurchase  and  related  claims;  the  impact  of  U.S.  and  global  interest  rates  (including  the  potential  for  ongoing 
adjustments  in  interest  rates),  inflation,  currency  exchange  rates,  economic  conditions,  trade  policies  and  tensions,  including  changes  in,  or  the 
imposition of, tariffs and/or trade barriers and the economic impacts, volatility and uncertainty resulting therefrom, and geopolitical instability; the 
risks  related  to  the  discontinuation  of  reference  rates,  including  increased  expenses  and  litigation  and  the  effectiveness  of  hedging  strategies; 
uncertainties about the financial stability and growth rates of non-U.S. jurisdictions, the risk that those jurisdictions may face difficulties servicing 
their sovereign debt, and related stresses on financial markets, currencies and trade, and the Corporation’s exposures to such risks, including direct, 
indirect  and  operational;  the  impact  of  the  interest  rate,  inflationary,  macroeconomic,  banking  and  regulatory  environment  on  the  Corporation’s 
assets,  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations;  the  impact  of  adverse  developments  affecting  the  U.S.  or  global  banking  industry, 
including bank failures and liquidity concerns, resulting in worsening economic and market volatility, and regulatory responses thereto; the possibility 
that future credit losses may be higher than currently expected due to changes in economic assumptions, customer behavior, adverse developments 
with respect to U.S. or global economic conditions and other uncertainties, including the impact of supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures 
and  labor  shortages  on  economic  conditions  and  our  business;  potential  losses  related  to  the  Corporation’s  concentration  of  credit  risk;  the 
Corporation's ability to achieve its expense targets and expectations regarding revenue, net interest income, provision for credit losses, net charge-
offs, effective tax rate, loan growth or other projections; variances to the underlying assumptions and judgments used in estimating banking book 
net  interest  income  sensitivity;  adverse  changes  to  the  Corporation’s  credit  ratings  from  the  major  credit  rating  agencies;  an  inability  to  access 
capital  markets  or  maintain  deposits  or  borrowing  costs;  estimates  of  the  fair  value  and  other  accounting  values,  subject  to  impairment 
assessments, of certain of the Corporation’s assets and liabilities; the estimated or actual impact of changes in accounting standards or assumptions 
in  applying  those  standards;  uncertainty  regarding  the  content,  timing  and  impact  of  regulatory  capital  and  liquidity  requirements;  the  impact  of 
adverse  changes  to  total  loss-absorbing  capacity  requirements,  stress  capital  buffer  requirements  and  /  or  global  systemically  important  bank 
surcharges; the potential impact of actions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on the Corporation’s capital plans; the effect of 
changes  in  or  interpretations  of  income  tax  laws  and  regulations;  the  impact  of  implementation  and  compliance  with  U.S.  and  international  laws, 
regulations  and  regulatory  interpretations,  including  recovery  and  resolution  planning  requirements,  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation 
assessments, the Volcker Rule, fiduciary standards, derivatives regulations and potential changes to loss allocations between financial institutions 
and customers, including for losses incurred from the use of our products and services, including electronic payments and payment of checks, that 
were  authorized  by  the  customer  but  induced  by  fraud;  the  impact  of  failures  or  disruptions  in  or  breaches  of  the  Corporation’s  operations  or 
information systems, or those of various third parties, including regulators and federal and state governments, such as from cybersecurity incidents; 
the risks related to the development, implementation, use and management of emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine 
learning;  the  risks  related  to  the  transition  and  physical  impacts  of  climate  change;  our  ability  to  achieve  environmental  goals  and  targets  or  the 
impact of any changes in the Corporation's sustainability strategy, goals or targets; the impact of uncertain or changing political conditions or any 
future  federal  government  shutdown  and  uncertainty  regarding  the  federal  government’s  debt  limit  or  changes  in  fiscal,  monetary  or  regulatory 
policy; the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics; the impact of natural disasters, extreme weather events, military conflicts 
(including  the  Russia  /  Ukraine  conflict,  the  conflicts  in  the  Middle  East,  the  possible  expansion  of  such  conflicts  and  potential  geopolitical 
consequences), terrorism or other geopolitical events; and other matters.

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.

“Bank  of  America”  and  “BofA  Securities”  are  the  marketing  names  used  by  the  Global  Banking  and  Global  Markets  divisions  of  Bank  of  America 
Corporation. Lending, other commercial banking activities, and trading in certain financial instruments are performed globally by banking affiliates of 
Bank of America Corporation, including Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Trading in securities and financial instruments, and strategic advisory, 
and  other  investment  banking  activities,  are  performed  globally  by  investment  banking  affiliates  of  Bank  of  America  Corporation  (“Investment 
Banking Affiliates”) or other affiliates, including, in the United States, BofA Securities, Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, 
each of which are registered broker-dealers and Members of SIPC, and, in other jurisdictions, by locally registered entities. BofA Securities, Inc. is 
registered  as  a  futures  commission  merchant  with  the  CFTC  and  is  a  member  of  the  NFA.  Investment  products  offered  by  Investment  Banking 
Affiliates:  Are Not FDIC Insured · May Lose Value · Are Not Bank Guaranteed. Bank of America Corporation’s broker-dealers are not banks and are 
separate legal entities from their bank affiliates. The obligations of the broker-dealers are not obligations of their bank affiliates (unless explicitly 
stated otherwise), and these bank affiliates are not responsible for securities sold, offered, or recommended by the broker-dealers. The foregoing 
also applies to other non-bank affiliates.

For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom at https://
newsroom.bankofamerica.com.*

www.bankofamerica.com*

* Website content is not incorporated by reference into this press release.

For footnotes, see page 15.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

(1) Return  on  average  tangible  common  shareholders’  equity  and  tangible  book  value  per  share  of  common  stock  are  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  We  believe  the  use  of  ratios  that  utilize  tangible  equity  provides 
additional useful information because they present measures of those assets that can generate income. Tangible book value per share provides additional useful information about the level of tangible assets in relation 
to outstanding shares of common stock. See Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures on page 18.

(2) Ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. Charge-off ratios are annualized for the quarterly presentation.
(3) Balances do not include past due consumer credit card loans, consumer loans secured by real estate where repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration and individually insured long-term stand-by

agreements (fully-insured home loans), and in general, other consumer and commercial loans not secured by real estate, and nonperforming loans held-for-sale or accounted for under the fair value option.

(4) Regulatory capital ratios at March 31, 2025 are preliminary. Bank of America Corporation reports regulatory capital ratios under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. Capital adequacy is evaluated against 
the lower of the Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements. The Corporation’s binding ratio was the Tier 1 capital ratio under the Standardized approach at 
March 31, 2025 and the Total capital ratio under the Standardized approach at December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2024.

(5) Tangible equity ratio equals period-end tangible shareholders’ equity divided by period-end tangible assets. Tangible common equity ratio equals period-end tangible common shareholders’ equity divided by period-end 
tangible assets. Tangible shareholders’ equity and tangible assets are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of ratios that utilize tangible equity provides additional useful information because they present 
measures of those assets that can generate income. See Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures on page 18.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

capital. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently.

The Company reports the results of operations of its four business segments and All Other on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

Number of financial centers - U.S.

Number of branded ATMs - U.S.

(1) FTE  basis  is  a  non-GAAP  financial  measure.  FTE  basis  is  a  performance  measure  used  by  management  in  operating  the  business  that  management  believes  provides  investors  with 
meaningful information on the interest margin for comparative purposes. The Corporation believes that this presentation allows for comparison of amounts from both taxable and tax-
exempt sources and is consistent with industry practices.  Net interest income includes FTE adjustments of $145 million, $154 million and $158 million for the first quarter of 2025 and 
the fourth and first quarters of 2024, respectively.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.

The Corporation evaluates its business using certain non-GAAP financial measures, including pretax, pre-provision income (as defined in Endnote F on page 10) and ratios that utilize 
tangible equity and tangible assets, each of which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Tangible equity represents shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity reduced by goodwill 
and intangible assets (excluding mortgage servicing rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities (“adjusted” shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity). Return on average 
tangible common shareholders’ equity measures the Corporation’s net income applicable to common shareholders as a percentage of adjusted average common shareholders’ equity. 
The tangible common equity ratio represents adjusted ending common shareholders’ equity divided by total tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and intangible assets (excluding 
mortgage servicing rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities). Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity measures the Corporation’s net income as a percentage of adjusted 
average  total  shareholders’  equity.  The  tangible  equity  ratio  represents  adjusted  ending  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  total  tangible  assets.  Tangible  book  value  per  common  share 
represents  adjusted  ending  common  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  ending  common  shares  outstanding.  These  measures  are  used  to  evaluate  the  Corporation’s  use  of  equity.  In 
addition, profitability, relationship and investment models all use return on average tangible shareholders’ equity as key measures to support our overall growth goals.

See the tables below for reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures defined by GAAP for the three months ended March 
31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2024. The Corporation believes the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provides additional clarity in understanding its results of 
operations and trends. Other companies may define or calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently.

Current-period information is preliminary and based on company data available at the time of the presentation.
</Bank of America RESULT>

<Citigroup RESULT>
For Immediate Release 
Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) 
April 12, 2024

RETURNED ~$1.5 BILLION IN THE FORM OF COMMON DIVIDENDS AND 
REPURCHASES

BOOK VALUE PER SHARE OF $99.08

TANGIBLE BOOK VALUE PER SHARE OF $86.67(4)

New  York,  April  12,  2024 
  Citigroup  Inc.  today  reported  net  income  for  the  first 
quarter 2024 of $3.4 billion, or $1.58 per diluted share, on revenues of $21.1 billion. 
This compares to net income of $4.6 billion, or $2.19 per diluted share, on revenues 
of $21.4 billion for the first quarter 2023.

Revenues decreased 2% from the prior-year period, on a reported basis. Excluding 
divestiture-related impacts of $1 billion, primarily consisting of the gain from the 
sale of the India consumer business(5) in the prior-year period, revenues were up 3% 
year over year. This increase in revenues was driven by growth across Banking, U.S. 
Personal Banking (USPB) and Services, partially offset by declines in Markets and 
Wealth.

Percentage comparisons throughout this press release are calculated for the first 
quarter 2024 versus the first quarter 2023, unless otherwise specified.

month marked the end to the 
organizational simplification we 
announced in September. The 
result is a cleaner, simpler 
management structure that fully 
aligns to and facilitates our 
strategy. It will also help us 
execute our Transformation,

progress as we retire multiple 
legacy platforms, streamline 
end-to-end processes, and 
strengthen our risk and control 
environment. This is necessary 
to both meet the expectations 
of our regulators and also to 
serve our clients more 
effectively.

With revenue up 8%, Services 
continues to perform well and 
generate very attractive returns. 
Markets bounced back from a

good client activity in Equities 
and Spread Products. The 
rebound in Banking gained 
speed where near-record levels 
of investment grade debt 
issuance helped increase 
revenues by 49%. In Wealth, we 
grew fees and gathered more 
than an estimated $22 billion of 
net new assets over the past 12 
months. U.S. Personal Banking 
had double-digit revenue 
growth for the sixth straight 
quarter, where we see 
momentum across both our 
card business and solid 
engagement in our digital 
payment offerings.

Our balance sheet is strong 
across the board, an intentional 
result of our high-quality assets, 
robust capital and liquidity 
positions, and rigorous risk 
management.  We returned $1.5 
billion in capital to our common 
shareholders while increasing 
our CET1 ratio to 13.5%. With 
the organizational simplification 
behind us and a good quarter 
under our belt, we have started 
this critical year on the right

Citigroup 
Citigroup  revenues  of  $21.1 billion  in  the  first  quarter  2024  decreased  2%,  on  a  reported  basis.  Excluding 
divestiture-related  impacts  of  $1  billion,  primarily  consisting  of  the  gain  from  the  sale  of  the  India  consumer 
business, revenues were up 3% year over year. This increase in revenues  was driven by growth across Banking, 
USPB and Services, partially offset by declines in Markets and Wealth.

Citigroup operating  expenses  of  $14.2  billion  on  a  reported  basis  increased  7%,  which  included  repositioning 
costs of $258  million,  an  incremental FDIC special assessment(6) of  $251  million  and  restructuring charges(7)  of 
$225  million.  Excluding  divestiture-related  impacts(5)  and  the  incremental  FDIC  special  assessment,  expenses 
were up 5%. This increase in expenses was largely driven by inflation and volume-related expenses, partially offset 
by productivity savings.

Citigroup cost of credit was approximately $2.4 billion in the first quarter 2024, compared to $2.0 billion in the 
prior-year period, primarily driven by higher cards net credit losses, partially offset by a lower allowance for credit 
losses (ACL) build.

Citigroup net income of $3.4 billion in the first quarter 2024, compared to net income of $4.6 billion in the prior-
year period, driven by the higher expenses, the higher cost of credit and the lower revenues. 
tax rate of 25% was unchanged from the first quarter 2023.

total allowance for credit losses was approximately $21.8 billion at quarter end, compared to $19.8 
billion  at  the  end  of  the  prior-year  period.  Total  allowance  for  credit  losses  on  loans  was  approximately  $18.3 
billion at quarter end, compared to $17.2 billion at the end of the prior-year period, with a reserve-to-funded loans 
ratio of 2.75%, compared to 2.65% at the end of the prior-year period. Total non-accrual loans increased 6% from 
the prior-year period to $2.8 billion. Corporate non-accrual loans increased 23% to $1.5 billion. Consumer non-
accrual loans decreased 8% from the prior-year period to $1.3 billion.

reflecting growth in cards in USPB and higher loans in Markets.

end-of-period deposits were approximately $1.3 trillion at quarter end, down 2% versus the prior-

year period, largely due to a reduction in Services reflecting quantitative tightening.

per  share  of  $99.08  and  tangible  book  value  per  share  of  $86.67  at  quarter  end  each 
increased 3% versus the prior-year period. The increases were largely driven by net income and common share 
repurchases, partially offset by the payment of common and preferred dividends and adverse movements in the 
 preliminary 
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) component of equity. 
CET1 Capital ratio was 13.5% versus 13.4% at the end of the prior quarter, driven by net income and lower risk-
weighted assets, partially offset by payment of common and preferred dividends, share repurchases and higher 
deferred  tax  assets. 
  (SLR)  for  the  first  quarter  2024  was  5.8%, 
unchanged  versus  the  prior  quarter.  During  the  quarter,  Citigroup  returned  a  total  of  $1.5  billion  to  common 
shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.

Services 
Services revenues of $4.8 billion were up 8%, largely driven by continued momentum across both Treasury and 
Trade Solutions  and  Securities Services. Net  interest income  increased  6%,  driven by  higher deposit  and  trade 
loan spreads, and non-interest revenue increased 14%, largely driven by continued strength across underlying fee 
drivers.

Treasury and Trade Solutions revenues of $3.5 billion increased 5%, driven by 4% growth in net interest income 
and a 9% increase in non-interest revenues. The increase in net interest income was primarily driven by continued

benefits from the rate environment. The increase in non-interest revenue was primarily driven by an increase in 
cross-border volumes of 9%, U.S. Dollar clearing volumes of 3% and an increase in commercial card spend volume 
of 5%.

Securities Services revenues  of $1.3 billion  increased  18%,  driven by  a 16% increase in  net interest income  on 
higher deposit spreads and a 21% increase in non-interest revenue, driven by increases in assets under custody 
and  administration  of  an  estimated  11%,  benefiting  from  higher  market  valuations,  as  well  as  new  client 
onboarding.

Services operating expenses of $2.7 billion increased 11%, largely driven by continued investments in technology 
and product innovation.

Services cost of credit was $64 million, compared to $(14) million in the prior-year period.

Services net income of approximately $1.5 billion increased 15%, largely driven by the higher revenues, partially 
offset by the higher expenses.

Markets 
Markets revenues of $5.4 billion decreased 7%, driven by lower Fixed Income revenues, partially offset by growth 
in Equity revenues.

Fixed Income revenues of $4.2 billion decreased 10%, largely driven by rates and currencies on lower volatility and 
a strong prior-year comparison, partially offset by strength in spread products and other fixed income, which was 
up 26%, driven by an increase in client activity.

Equity revenues of $1.2 billion increased 5%, driven by growth across cash trading and equity derivatives.

Markets operating expenses of $3.4 billion increased 7%, largely driven by the absence of a legal reserve release 
in the prior-year period.

Markets net income of $1.4  billion  decreased 25%,  driven by  the  higher  expenses,  the  lower  revenues  and the 
higher cost of credit.

Banking 
Banking revenues of $1.7 billion increased 49%, driven by growth in Investment Banking and Corporate Lending 
and lower losses on loan hedges.

Investment Banking revenues of $903 million increased 35%, driven by Debt Capital Markets and Equity Capital 
Markets,  as  improved  market  sentiment  led  to  an  increase  in  issuance  activity.  This  increase  in  revenues  was 
partially offset by lower Advisory revenues, driven by the impact of lower merger activity announced in the second 
half of 2023.

Corporate Lending revenues of $915 million, excluding mark-to-market on loan hedges,(8) increased 34% versus 
the prior-year, largely driven by higher revenue share.(9)

Banking operating expenses of $1.2 billion decreased 4%, primarily driven by benefits from repositioning actions 
and other actions to lower the expense base, partially offset by business-led investments.

Banking cost of credit was a benefit of $129 million, compared to a benefit of $123 million in the prior-year period.

Banking net income of $536 million was driven by the higher revenues and the lower expenses.

Wealth  
Wealth revenues of $1.7 billion decreased 4%, driven by a 13% decrease in net interest income on lower deposit 
spreads and higher mortgage funding costs, partially offset by an 11% increase in non-interest revenue, reflecting 
higher investment fee revenues.

Private Bank revenues of $571 million increased 1%, primarily driven by improved deposit spreads and investment 
fee revenues, partially offset by higher mortgage funding costs.

Wealth  at  Work  revenues  of  $181  million  decreased  6%,  driven  by  deposit  spread  compression  and  higher 
mortgage funding costs, partially offset by improved investment fee revenues.

Citigold revenues of $943 million decreased 6%, driven by deposit spread compression, partially offset by growth 
in investment fee revenues and higher deposit volumes.

Wealth operating expenses of $1.7 billion increased 3%, driven by technology investments focused on risk and 
controls,  as  well  as  platform  enhancements,  partially  offset  by  benefits  from  repositioning  and  restructuring 
actions.

Wealth cost of credit was a benefit of $170 million, compared to a benefit of $58 million in the prior-year period, 
as net credit losses of $29 million were more than offset by an ACL release for loans and unfunded commitments 
of $198 million.

Wealth net income of $150 million decreased 6%, primarily driven by the lower revenues and the higher expenses, 
partially offset by lower cost of credit.

US Personal Banking (USPB) 
USPB revenues of $5.2 billion increased 10%, driven by higher net interest income due to loan growth in cards 
and lower partner payments.

Branded Cards revenues of $2.6 billion increased 7%, driven by interest-earning balance growth of 10%, as 
payment rates continued to moderate, and spend volume growth of 4%.

Retail Services revenues of $1.9 billion increased 18%, primarily driven by the lower partner payments due to 
higher net credit losses, as well as interest-earning balance growth of 9%.

Retail Banking revenues of $638 million increased 1%, driven by higher deposit spreads, loan growth and 
improved mortgage margins.

USPB operating expenses  of $2.5  billion  were  largely  unchanged,  due to lower compensation  costs, including 
repositioning impacts, offset by higher volume-related expenses.

USPB net income of $347 million decreased 14%, primarily driven by the higher cost of credit, partially offset by 
the higher revenues.

All Other (Managed Basis)(10) 
All Other (Managed Basis) revenues of $2.4 billion decreased 9%, driven by the closed exits and wind-downs, as 
well as higher funding costs, partially offset by higher revenues in Mexico.

Legacy Franchises (Managed Basis)(10) revenues of $1.8 billion were largely unchanged, primarily driven by higher 
volumes in Mexico and Mexican Peso appreciation, partially offset by the closed exits and wind-downs.

All  Other  (Managed  Basis)  expenses  of  $2.7  billion  increased  18%,  driven  by  the  incremental  FDIC  special 
assessment  and  the  restructuring  charges,  partially  offset  by  lower  expenses  from  the  closed  exits  and  wind-
downs.

All Other (Managed Basis) cost of credit of $185 million decreased 59%, largely driven by the absence of a reserve 
build in the prior year period, partially offset by higher net credit losses in Mexico Consumer.

All Other (Managed Basis) net loss of $457 million was driven by the  higher expenses and the lower revenues, 
partially offset by the lower cost of credit.

Citigroup will host a conference call today at 11:00 AM (ET). A live webcast of the presentation, as well as 
financial results and presentation materials, will be available at https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors. 
The live webcast of the presentation can also be accessed at 
https://www.veracast.com/webcasts/citigroup/webinars/Citi1Q24.cfm

www.citigroup.com.

Citi is a preeminent banking partner for institutions with cross-border needs, a global leader in wealth 
management and a valued personal bank in its home market of the United States. Citi does business in nearly 
160 countries and jurisdictions, providing corporations, governments, investors, institutions and individuals 
with a broad range of financial products and services.

Additional information may be found at www.citigroup.com | X: @Citi | YouTube: www.youtube.com/citi | Blog: 
http://blog.citigroup.com | Facebook: www.facebook.com/citi | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/citi

subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of future results or 
occurrences. Actual results and capital and other financial condition may differ materially from those included in 
these statements due to a variety of factors.  These factors include, among others: 
objectives, including expense savings and revenue targets, from its transformation, simplification and other 
strategic and other initiatives; (ii) the impacts from central bank interest rate policies, whether due to continued 
elevated interest rates, or potential reductions in interest rates and a resulting decline in net interest income; (iii) 
revisions to the U.S. Basel III rules, including the recently issued notice of proposed rulemaking, known as the 
Basel III Endgame, and other proposed changes in regulatory capital rules; (iv) continued elevated levels of, or 
any resurgence in, inflation and its impacts; (v) the various uncertainties and impacts related to or resulting from 
the Middle East; and (vi) the precautionary statements included in this

forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Citigroup speak only as to the date they are made, and Citi 
does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that 
arise after the date the forward-looking statements were made.

(1) Ratios as of March 31, 2024 are preliminary
return on average tangible common equity (RoTCE) are non-GAAP financial measures. RoTCE represents 
annualized net income available to common shareholders as a percentage of average TCE. For the components 
of these calculations, see Appendix A. See Appendix F for a reconciliation of common equity to TCE. For a

(2) Ratios as of March 31, 2024 
Supplementary Leverage ratio (SLR) reflect certain deferrals based on the modified regulatory capital transition 
provision related to the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) standard. Excluding these 
CET1 Capital ratio and SLR as of March 31, 2024 would be 13.4% and 5.8%, respectively, on a fully reflected

of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology
prior period amounts have been revised to conform with enhancements made in the current period.

Regulatory Capital Treatment Modified Transition 
2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain

SLR, see Appendix E.

(3) 
income available to common shareholders.

(4) 
of common equity to tangible common equity and resulting calculation of tangible book value per share.

-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix F for a reconciliation

(5) First quarter 2023 includes an approximate $1.059 billion gain on sale recorded in revenue (approximately 
$727 million after various taxes) related to Citi's sale of the India consumer banking business.

Results of operations excluding divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional 
information and a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendix B.

uninsured depositors at Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. Results of operations excluding the impact of 
this charge are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendix B.

(8) Credit derivatives are used to economically hedge a portion of the Corporate Lending portfolio that includes 
both accrual loans and loans at fair value. Gain / (loss) on loan hedges includes the mark-to-market on the 
credit derivatives and the mark-to-market on the loans in the portfolio that are at fair value. In the first quarter 
2024, gain / (loss) on loan hedges included $(104) million related to Corporate Lending, compared to $(199) 
million in the prior-year period. The fixed premium costs of these hedges are netted against the Corporate 
Lending 
gain / (loss) on loan hedges are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation to reported results, please 
refer to Appendix G.

(9) Certain revenues earned by Citi are subject to a revenue sharing agreement to Banking 
from Investment Banking and certain Markets and Services products sold to clients.

(10) All Other (Managed Basis) reflects results on a managed basis, which excludes divestiture-related impacts, for 
all periods, related to 
divestitures of its Asia consumer banking businesses and the planned divestiture of 
Mexico consumer banking and small business and middle market banking within Legacy Franchises. Certain of 
the results of operations of All Other (Managed Basis) and Legacy Franchises (Managed Basis) that exclude

divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information and a reconciliation of 
these results, please refer to Appendix C.
</Citigroup RESULT>

<Citigroup RESULT>
For Immediate Release 
Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) 
July 12, 2024

RETURNED ~$1.0 BILLION IN THE FORM OF COMMON DIVIDENDS

BOOK VALUE PER SHARE OF $99.70

TANGIBLE BOOK VALUE PER SHARE OF $87.53(4)

New York, July 12, 2024 
 Citigroup Inc. today reported net income for the second 
quarter 2024 of $3.2 billion, or $1.52 per diluted share, on revenues of $20.1 billion. 
This compares to net income of $2.9 billion, or $1.33 per diluted share, on revenues 
of $19.4 billion for the second quarter 2023.

Revenues increased 4% from the prior-year period, on a reported basis. Excluding 
divestiture-related impacts(5), revenues were up 3%. This increase in revenues was 
driven  by  growth  across  all  businesses,  particularly  in  Banking,  U.S.  Personal 
Banking (USPB) and Markets. The revenue increase included an approximate $400 
million gain related to the Visa B exchange completed in the second quarter 2024. 
A significant portion of this gain was reflected in Markets, with the remainder in All 
Other. The revenue growth across the businesses was partially offset by a decline 
in All Other.

Net  income  of  $3.2  billion  increased  from  $2.9  billion  in  the  prior-year  period, 
primarily  driven  by  the  higher  revenues  and  lower  expenses,  partially  offset  by 
higher cost of credit.

Earnings per share of $1.52 increased from $1.33 per diluted share in the prior-year 
period, reflecting the higher net income and an approximate 1% decrease in average 
diluted shares outstanding.

Percentage  comparisons  throughout  this  press  release  are  calculated  for  the 
second quarter 2024 versus the second quarter 2023, unless otherwise specified.

results show the progress we 
are making in executing our 
strategy and the benefit of our 
diversified business model.  We 
achieved positive operating 
leverage with revenue up 4% 
and a 2% decline in expenses.  
Services continued to grow, 
driven by solid fee growth 
increased activity in cross 
border payments and new client 
onboardings.  Markets had a 
strong finish to the quarter 
leading to better performance 
than we had anticipated. Fixed 
Income was slightly down year-
over-year and Equities was up 
37%, driven by strong 
performance in derivatives. 
Banking was up 38% as the 
wallet rebound gained some 
momentum and we again grew 
share. Wealth is starting to 
improve. Growth in client 
investment assets drove 
stronger investment revenue, 
and our focus on rationalizing 
the expense base is starting to 
pay off.  U.S. Personal Banking 
saw revenue growth of 6%, with 
all three businesses again 
contributing to the topline.

showcased the strength of our 
balance sheet.  Our CET1 ratio 
now stands at 13.6% and we are 
increasing our dividend by 6%.  
We have made an incredible 
amount of progress in 
simplification - both 
strategically and 
organizationally.  We are 
modernizing our infrastructure 
to improve our client service and 
automating processes to 
strengthen controls.   We will 
continue to execute our 
transformation and our strategy 
so we can meet our medium-
term targets and continue to 
further improve our returns over

Citigroup 
Citigroup  revenues  of  $20.1 billion  in  the  second  quarter  2024  increased  4%,  on  a  reported  basis.  Excluding 
divestiture-related  impacts(5),  revenues  were  up  3%.  This  increase  in  revenues  was  driven  by  growth  across  all 
businesses,  particularly  in  Banking,  USPB  and  Markets.  The  revenue  increase  included  an  approximate  $400 
million gain related to the Visa B exchange completed in the second quarter 2024. A significant portion of this gain 
was reflected in Markets, with the remainder in All Other. The revenue growth across the businesses was partially 
offset by a decline in All Other.

Citigroup operating expenses of $13.4 billion decreased 2%, both on a reported basis and excluding divestiture-
related impacts(6). This decrease in expenses was primarily 
simplification, stranded cost reductions and lower repositioning costs, partially offset by continued investments 
in transformation and the civil money penalties imposed by the Federal Reserve Board (FRB) and the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)(7).

Citigroup cost of credit was approximately $2.5 billion in the second quarter 2024, compared to $1.8 billion in 
the prior-year period, primarily driven by higher cards net credit losses, partially offset by a lower allowance for 
credit losses (ACL) build in the current period.

Citigroup net income was $3.2 billion in the second quarter 2024, compared to net income of $2.9 billion in the 
prior-year  period,  driven  by  the  higher  revenues  and  the  lower  expenses,  partially  offset  by  the  higher  cost  of 
credit. 
decreased to approximately 24% in the current quarter from 27% in the second 
quarter 2023, largely due to the geographic mix of earnings and the effects of state law changes.

total allowance for credit losses was approximately $21.8 billion at quarter end, compared to $20.1 
billion  at  the  end  of  the  prior-year  period.  Total  ACL  on  loans  was  approximately  $18.2  billion  at  quarter  end, 
compared  to  $17.5  billion  at  the  end  of  the  prior-year  period,  with  a  reserve-to-funded  loans  ratio  of  2.68%,

compared to 2.67% at the end of the prior-year period. Total non-accrual loans decreased 13% from the prior-year 
period  to  $2.3  billion.  Corporate  non-accrual  loans  decreased  21%  from  the  prior-year  period  to  $1.0  billion. 
Consumer non-accrual loans decreased 5% from the prior-year period to $1.3 billion.

reflecting growth in cards in USPB and higher loans in Markets and Services.

end-of-period deposits were approximately $1.3 trillion at quarter end, down 3% versus the prior-

year period, largely due to a reduction in Treasury and Trade Solutions, reflecting quantitative tightening.

per share of $99.70 at quarter end increased 2% versus the prior-year period and tangible 
book  value  per  share  of  $87.53  at  quarter  end  increased  3%  versus  the  prior-year  period.  The  increases  were 
largely  driven  by  net  income,  partially  offset  by  the  payment  of  common  and  preferred  dividends  and  adverse 
movements in the accumulated other comprehensive income component of equity. 
preliminary CET1 Capital ratio was 13.6% versus 13.5% at the end of the prior quarter, driven by net income and 
lower risk-weighted assets, partially offset by the payment of common and preferred dividends and FX impact 
from USD appreciation. 
second quarter 2024 was 5.9% versus 
5.8% in the prior quarter. During the quarter, Citigroup returned a total of $1.0 billion to common shareholders in 
the form of dividends.

Services 
Services revenues of $4.7 billion were up 3%, primarily reflecting strength in Securities Services, as well as the 
impact of continued underlying momentum in Treasury and Trade Solutions. Net interest income decreased 1%, 
largely driven by lower revenue from the net investment in Argentina, partially offset by the benefit of higher U.S. 
and  non-U.S.  interest  rates  relative  to  the  prior-year  period.  Non-interest  revenue  increased  11%,  driven  by

continued  strength  across  underlying  fee  drivers,  as  well  as  a  smaller  impact  from  currency  devaluation  in 
Argentina.

Treasury and Trade Solutions revenues of $3.4 billion were largely unchanged, as a 14% increase in non-interest 
revenues was offset by a 3% decrease in net interest income. The increase in non-interest revenue was primarily 
driven by an increase in cross-border transaction value of 6%, an increase in U.S. dollar clearing volumes of 7% 
and an increase in commercial card spend volume of 4%. The decrease in net interest income was driven by lower 
revenue from the net investment in Argentina, partially offset by the benefit of higher U.S. and non-U.S. interest 
rates relative to the prior-year period.

Securities Services revenues of $1.2 billion increased 10%, largely driven by a 14% increase in net interest income 
primarily driven by  higher deposit spreads, and a 7% increase in non-interest revenue, due to a preliminary 9% 
increase  in  assets  under  custody  and  administration,  benefiting  from  new  client  onboardings,  deepening  with 
existing clients and market valuations.

Services operating expenses of $2.7 billion increased 9%, largely driven by an Argentina-related transaction tax 
expense, a legal settlement expense and continued investments in product innovation and technology.

Services  net  income  of  $1.5  billion  increased  21%,  driven  by  the  higher  revenues  and  the  lower  cost  of  credit, 
partially offset by the higher expenses.

Markets 
Markets revenues of $5.1 billion increased 6%, driven by growth in Equity markets revenues, partially offset by 
lower Fixed Income markets revenues.

Fixed  Income  markets  revenues  of  $3.6  billion  decreased  3%,  largely  driven  by  rates  and  currencies  on  lower 
volatility  and  tighter  spreads,  partially  offset  by  strength  in  spread  products  and  other  fixed  income,  which 
increased 20%, primarily driven by continued loan growth and higher securitization and underwriting fees.

Equity markets revenues of $1.5 billion increased 37%, primarily driven by equity derivatives, which included a 
gain related to the Visa B exchange completed in the second quarter 2024. Equity markets also benefited from 
growth in prime balances(8), up approximately 18%.

Markets operating expenses of $3.3 billion decreased 1%, driven by productivity savings, partially offset by higher 
volume-related expenses.

Markets net income of $1.4 billion increased 29%, driven by the higher revenues and the lower expenses.

Banking 
Banking revenues of $1.6 billion increased 38%, driven by growth in Investment Banking and Corporate Lending.

Investment Banking revenues of $853 million increased 60%, driven by strength in Debt Capital Markets, which 
continued to benefit from strong issuance activity,  primarily in investment  grade, an increase in Equity Capital 
Markets, reflecting an increase in IPO activity and continued convertible issuance, and in Advisory due to higher 
revenues from the relatively low announced activity in 2023 coming to fruition as those transactions close.

Corporate Lending revenues of $765 million, excluding mark-to-market on loan hedges,(9) increased 7% largely 
driven by higher revenue share.(11)

Banking operating expenses of $1.1 billion decreased 10%, primarily driven by benefits from prior repositioning 
actions and other actions taken to lower the expense base.

Wealth  
Wealth revenues of $1.8 billion increased 2%, driven by a 13% increase in non-interest revenue, reflecting higher 
investment fee revenues driven by net new client investment assets as well as market valuations, partially offset 
by a 4% decrease in net interest income on higher mortgage funding costs.

Private Bank revenues of $611 million increased 1%, driven by improved deposit spreads and higher investment 
fee revenues, partially offset by higher mortgage funding costs.

Wealth  at  Work  revenues  of  $195  million  decreased  13%,  driven  by  deposit  spread  compression  and  higher 
mortgage funding costs, partially offset by higher investment fee revenues.

Citigold revenues of $1.0 billion increased 6%, driven by higher investment fee revenues.

Wealth  operating  expenses  of  $1.5  billion  decreased  4%,  driven  by  the  benefits  of  prior  restructuring  and 
repositioning actions.

Wealth cost of credit was a benefit of $9 million, compared to a cost of $53 million in the prior-year period, driven 
by  an  ACL  release  reflecting  an  improvement  in  macroeconomic  outlook,  partially  offset  by  higher  net  credit 
losses.

U.S. Personal Banking (USPB) 
USPB revenues of $4.9 billion increased 6%, driven by higher net interest income due to loan growth in cards 
and higher non-interest revenue due to lower partner payments.

Branded Cards revenues of $2.5 billion increased 8%, driven by interest-earning balance growth of 9%, as 
payment rates continue to moderate, and spend volume growth of 3%.

Retail Services revenues of $1.7 billion increased 6%, primarily driven by lower partner payments due to higher 
net credit losses, as well as interest-earning balance growth of 8%.

Retail Banking revenues of $636 million increased 3%, driven by higher deposit spreads, as well as mortgage 
and installment loan growth.

USPB  operating  expenses  of  $2.4  billion  decreased  2%,  driven  by  lower  technology  and  compensation  costs, 
partially offset by higher volume-related expenses.

USPB cost of credit was $2.3 billion, compared to $1.5 billion in the prior-year period. The increase was driven by 
higher  net  credit  losses,  reflecting  that  multiple  card  loan  vintages  originated  over  the  last  few  years  are  now 
maturing, as well as the impact of persistent inflation and higher interest rates. The increase also reflected a larger 
ACL build in the quarter.

USPB net income of $121 million decreased 74%, primarily driven by the higher cost of credit, partially offset by 
the higher revenues and the lower expenses.

All Other (Managed Basis)(12) 
All Other (managed basis) revenues of $2.0 billion decreased 22%, primarily driven by the closed exits and wind-
downs and higher investment portfolio funding costs, partially offset by growth in Mexico as well as the impact 
from the Visa B exchange.

Legacy Franchises (managed basis)(12) revenues of $1.7 billion decreased 10%, largely driven by the closed exits 
and wind-downs, partially offset by revenue growth in Mexico.

All Other (managed basis) expenses of $2.1 billion decreased 7%, primarily driven by the closed exits and wind-
downs, partially offset by the civil money penalties imposed by the FRB and the OCC(7).

All Other (managed basis) net loss of $402 million was driven by the lower revenues and the higher cost of credit, 
partially offset by the lower expenses.

Citigroup will host a conference call today at 11:00 AM (ET). A live webcast of the presentation, as well as 
financial results and presentation materials, will be available at https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors. 
The live webcast of the presentation can also be accessed at 
https://www.veracast.com/webcasts/citigroup/webinars/CITI2Q24.cfm

www.citigroup.com.

Citi is a preeminent banking partner for institutions with cross-border needs, a global leader in wealth 
management and a valued personal bank in its home market of the United States. Citi does business in nearly 
180 countries and jurisdictions, providing corporations, governments, investors, institutions and individuals 
with a broad range of financial products and services.

Additional information may be found at www.citigroup.com | X: @Citi | YouTube: www.youtube.com/citi | Blog: 
http://blog.citigroup.com | Facebook: www.facebook.com/citi | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/citi

Certain statements in this release are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are 
subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of future results or 
occurrences. Actual results and capital and other financial condition may differ materially from those included in 
these statements due to a variety of factors. These factors include, among others: macroeconomic, geopolitical 
and other challenges and uncertainties, including those related to economic growth, inflation and interest rates; 
the execution an
including those related to its investment, expense and capital-related actions; the potential outcomes of the 
extensive legal and regulatory proceedings, examinations, investigations, consent orders and related 
compliance efforts and other inquiries to which Citi is or may be subject; ongoing regulatory and legislative 
uncertainties and changes, including changes in regulatory capital rules, requirements or interpretations; and 
the precautionary statements included in this release. These factors also consist of those contained in 
Citigroup s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation the  Risk 
Factors  section of Citigroup's 2023 Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of 
Citigroup speak only as to the date they are made, and Citi does not undertake to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking 
statements were made.

(1) Ratios as of June 30, 2024 are preliminary
return on average tangible common equity (RoTCE) are non-GAAP financial measures. RoTCE represents 
annualized net income available to common shareholders as a percentage of average TCE. For the components 
of these calculations, see Appendix A. See Appendix F for a reconciliation of common equity to TCE. For a

(2) Ratios as of June 30, 2024 
Supplementary Leverage ratio (SLR) reflect certain deferrals based on the modified regulatory capital transition 
provision related to the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) standard. Excluding these 
CET1 Capital ratio and SLR as of June 30, 2024 would be 13.5% and 5.9%, respectively, on a fully reflected 
basis. For 
of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology
prior period amounts have been revised to conform with enhancements made in the current period.

Regulatory Capital Treatment Modified Transition 
2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain

SLR, see Appendix E.

(3) 
income available to common shareholders.

(4) 
of common equity to tangible common equity and resulting calculation of tangible book value per share.

-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix F for a reconciliation

(5) Results of revenue excluding divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional 
information and a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendices B and C.

(6) Results of expenses excluding divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional 
information and a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendices B and C. Included in Citi
reported expenses was an immaterial FDIC special assessment of approximately $34 million.

with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on July 10, 2024.

(8) Prime balances are defined as 
services.

(9) Credit derivatives are used to economically hedge a portion of the Corporate Lending portfolio that includes 
both accrual loans and loans at fair value. Gain / (loss) on loan hedges includes the mark-to-market on the 
credit derivatives and the mark-to-market on the loans in the portfolio that are at fair value. In the second 
quarter 2024, gain / (loss) on loan hedges included $9 million related to Corporate Lending, compared to $(66) 
million in the prior-year period. The fixed premium costs of these hedges are netted against the Corporate 
Lending revenues to reflect the cost of credit prot
gain / (loss) on loan hedges are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation to reported results, please 
refer to Appendix G.

(10) During the second quarter of 2024, Citi made certain reclassifications 
strategy. In connection therewith, Citi transferred the previously announced wind-down of the retail banking 
business in the United Kingdom from Wealth to Legacy Franchises (managed basis) within All Other (managed 
basis).

(11) Certain revenues earned by Citi are subject to a revenue sharing agreement to Banking 
from Investment Banking and certain Markets and Services products sold to Corporate Lending clients.

(12) All Other (managed basis) reflects results on a managed basis, which excludes divestiture-related impacts, for 
all periods, related to 
divestitures of its Asia consumer banking businesses and the planned divestiture of 
Mexico consumer banking and small business and middle market banking within Legacy Franchises. Certain of 
the results of operations of All Other (managed basis) and Legacy Franchises (managed basis) that exclude 
divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information and a reconciliation of 
these results, please refer to Appendix C.
</Citigroup RESULT>

<Citigroup RESULT>
For Immediate Release 
Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) 
October 15, 2024

RETURNED ~$2.1 BILLION IN THE FORM OF COMMON DIVIDENDS AND SHARE 
REPURCHASES

BOOK VALUE PER SHARE OF $101.91

TANGIBLE BOOK VALUE PER SHARE OF $89.67(4)

Revenues increased 1% from the prior-year period, on a reported basis. Excluding 
divestiture-related  impacts(5),  primarily  consisting  of  an  approximately  $400 
million gain from the sale of the Taiwan consumer banking business in the prior-
year period, revenues were up 3%. This increase in revenues was driven by growth 
across all businesses, partially offset by a decline in All Other.

Net  income  of  $3.2  billion  decreased  from  $3.5  billion  in  the  prior-year  period, 
primarily driven by higher cost of credit, partially offset by the higher revenues and 
lower expenses.

Percentage comparisons throughout this press release are calculated for the third 
quarter 2024 versus the third quarter 2023, unless otherwise specified.

Citi CEO Jane Fraser said, “In a 
pivotal year, this quarter 
contains multiple proof points 
that we are moving in the right 
direction and that our strategy 
is gaining traction, including 
positive operating leverage for 
each of our businesses, share 
gains and fee growth. While we 
continue making substantial 
investments in our number one 
priority—our Transformation— 
the efficiencies gained from our 
simplification and other efforts 
drove a 2% reduction in 
expenses. We built on our long 
history of innovation by 
launching a new cross-border 
payments capability with 
Mastercard and a $25 billion 
private credit partnership with 
Apollo, while we continued to 
attract top talent to our firm.

“Services delivered a record 
quarter driven by loan, deposit 
and asset growth, as well as 
new mandates. In Markets, 
revenues were up with a 32% 
increase in Equities. Investment 
Banking revenue was up 31% 
driven largely by investment 
grade debt issuance. We are 
also starting to see the positive 
impact of the changes we’ve 
implemented in our Wealth 
business, with revenues up 9%, 
including strong growth in client 
investment assets and 
investment fee revenue. U.S. 
Personal Banking revenues were 
up 3% with Branded Cards 
growing by 8% with account 
acquisitions, spend and 
payment rates driving higher 
interest-earning balances.

“Our incredible people continue 
to serve clients through our 
diversified business model and 
strong balance sheet. We are on 
track to meet our expense and 
revenue targets for the year and 
look to close out 2024 with 
momentum as we prepare for 
2025,” Ms. Fraser concluded.

Citigroup 
Citigroup  revenues  of  $20.3 billion  in  the  third  quarter  2024  increased  1%,  on  a  reported  basis.  Excluding 
divestiture-related  impacts(5),  primarily  consisting  of  the  approximately  $400  million  gain  from  the  sale  of  the 
Taiwan consumer banking business in the prior-year period, revenues were up 3%. This increase in revenues was 
driven by growth across all businesses, partially offset by a decline in All Other.

Citigroup operating expenses of $13.3 billion decreased 2%, both on a reported basis and excluding divestiture-
related impacts(6). This decrease in expenses was primarily driven by savings associated with Citi’s organizational 
simplification  and  stranded  cost  reductions,  partially  offset  by  volume-related  expenses  and  continued 
investments in transformation and other risk and control initiatives.

Citigroup cost of credit was approximately $2.7 billion in the third quarter 2024, compared to $1.8 billion in the 
prior-year period, largely driven by higher cards net credit losses and a higher allowance for credit  losses (ACL) 
build for portfolio growth and mix.

Citigroup net income was $3.2 billion in the third quarter 2024, compared to net income of $3.5 billion in the 
prior-year  period,  driven  by  the  higher  cost  of  credit,  partially  offset  by  the  higher  revenues  and  the  lower 
expenses. The decrease in net income primarily reflected a decrease in net income in U.S. Personal Banking (USPB) 
and All Other, partially offset by an increase in Services, Markets, Banking and Wealth. Citigroup’s effective tax 
rate was approximately 25% in the current quarter, unchanged from the prior-year period.

Citigroup’s total allowance for credit losses was approximately $22.1 billion at quarter end, compared to $20.2 
billion  at  the  end  of  the  prior-year  period.  Total  ACL  on  loans  was  approximately  $18.4  billion  at  quarter  end, 
compared  to  $17.6  billion  at  the  end  of  the  prior-year  period,  with  a  reserve-to-funded  loans  ratio  of  2.70%, 
compared to 2.68% at the end of the prior-year period. Total non-accrual loans decreased 34% from the prior-

Citigroup’s  end-of-period  loans  were  $689  billion  at  quarter  end,  up  3%  versus  the  prior-year  period,  largely 
reflecting growth in cards in USPB and higher loans in Markets and Services.

Citigroup’s end-of-period deposits were approximately $1.3 trillion at quarter end, up 3% versus the prior-year 
period,  largely  due  to  an  increase  in  Services,  driven  by  the  continued  deepening  of  client  relationships  and 
operating deposit growth in both Treasury and Trade Solutions and Securities Services.

Citigroup’s book value per share of $101.91 at quarter end increased 3% versus the prior-year period, and tangible 
book  value  per  share  of  $89.67  at  quarter  end  increased  3%  versus  the  prior-year  period.  The  increases  were 
largely  driven  by  net  income,  common  share  repurchases  and  beneficial  movements  in  the  accumulated  other 
comprehensive  income  (AOCI)  component  of  equity,  partially  offset  by  the  payment  of  common  and  preferred 
dividends. At quarter end, Citigroup’s preliminary CET1 Capital ratio was 13.7% versus 13.6% at the end of the prior 
quarter, driven by net income and unrealized gains on available for sale securities recognized in AOCI, partially 
offset by the payment of common and preferred dividends and common share repurchases, as well as higher risk-
weighted assets. Citigroup’s Supplementary Leverage ratio for the  third quarter 2024 was 5.8% versus 5.9% in 
the prior quarter. During the quarter, Citigroup returned a total of $2.1 billion to common shareholders in the form 
of dividends and share repurchases.

Services 
Services  revenues  of  $5.0  billion  were  up  8%,  primarily  reflecting  continued  momentum  across  Securities 
Services and Treasury and Trade Solutions. Net interest income was largely unchanged, as the benefit of higher 
deposit volumes was offset by a decline in interest rates in Argentina. Non-interest revenue increased 33%, driven 
by a smaller impact from currency devaluation in Argentina, as well as continued strength in underlying fee drivers 
in Treasury and Trade Solutions and Securities Services.

Treasury and Trade Solutions revenues of $3.6 billion were up 4%, as a 41% increase in non-interest revenues 
was partially offset by a 5% decrease in net interest income. The increase in non-interest revenue was driven by 
the smaller impact from currency devaluation in Argentina as well as an increase in cross-border transaction value 
of 8%, an increase in U.S. dollar clearing volumes of 7% and an increase in commercial card spend volume of 8%. 
The  decrease  in  net  interest  income  was driven  by  the  decline  in  interest  rates  in  Argentina,  partially  offset  by 
higher deposit volumes.

Securities Services revenues of $1.4 billion increased 24%, largely driven by a 23% increase in net interest income, 
primarily driven by higher deposit spreads and volumes, and a 24% increase in non-interest revenue. The increase 
in  non-interest  revenue  was  primarily  due  to  a  preliminary  22%  increase  in  assets  under  custody  and 
administration, benefiting from new client onboardings, deepening with existing clients and market valuations.

Services operating expenses of $2.6 billion increased 3%, primarily driven by investments in technology, other 
risk and controls, and product innovation.

Services net income of  $1.7  billion  increased  23%,  driven by  the higher revenues,  partially  offset  by  the higher 
expenses and the higher cost of credit.

Markets 
Markets revenues of $4.8 billion increased 1%, driven by growth in Equity markets revenues, partially offset by 
lower Fixed Income markets revenues.

Fixed Income markets revenues of $3.6 billion decreased 6%, driven by rates and currencies, largely reflecting a 
strong prior-year comparison. This decrease was partially offset by strength in spread products and other fixed 
income, which  increased  5%,  primarily  driven by  higher  financing and  securitization  volumes  and underwriting 
fees, partially offset by lower commodities revenue on lower gas volatility.

Equity  markets  revenues  of  $1.2  billion  increased  32%,  driven  by  momentum  in  prime,  growth  in  equity 
derivatives and  higher cash  equity  volumes. Equity  markets  had  growth in prime balances(7), up approximately 
22%.

Markets operating expenses of $3.3 billion increased 1%, primarily due to higher volume-related expenses.

Markets  net  income  of  $1.1  billion  increased  2%,  driven  by  the  higher  revenues  and  the  lower  cost  of  credit, 
partially offset by the higher expenses.

Banking 
Banking revenues of $1.6 billion increased 16%, primarily driven by growth in Investment Banking.

Investment Banking revenues of $934 million increased 31%, driven by a 44% increase in fees. The Investment 
Banking  fee  increase  was  driven  by  strength  in  Debt  Capital  Markets,  which  benefited  from  continued  strong 
investment grade issuance, and an increase in Advisory due to strong announced deal volume from earlier this 
year coming to fruition. The increase in fees was also driven by Equity Capital Markets, due to stronger follow-on 
activity, partially offset by less IPO activity amid market volatility mid-quarter.

Corporate  Lending  revenues  of  $742  million,  excluding  mark-to-market  on  loan  hedges,(8)  increased  5%, 
primarily driven by a smaller impact from currency devaluation in Argentina.

Banking  operating  expenses  of  $1.1  billion  decreased  9%,  primarily  driven  by  benefits  of  prior  repositioning 
actions.

Banking cost of credit was $177 million, compared to a benefit of $56 million in the prior-year period, driven by 
an ACL build due to a change in portfolio mix, versus a release in the prior-year period, as well as higher net credit 
losses.

Banking  net  income  of  $238  million  increased  53%,  reflecting  the  higher  revenues  and  the  lower  expenses, 
partially offset by the higher cost of credit.

Wealth  
Wealth revenues of $2.0 billion increased 9%, driven by a 15% increase in non-interest revenue, reflecting higher 
investment fee revenues on momentum in client investment assets, as well as a 6% increase in net interest income 
due to higher deposit volumes and spreads.

Private Bank revenues of $614 million were largely unchanged from the prior-year period, as higher investment 
fee revenues and improved deposit spreads were offset by higher mortgage funding costs.

Wealth  at  Work  revenues  of  $244  million  increased  4%,  driven  by  improved  deposit  spreads  and  higher 
investment fee revenues, partially offset by higher mortgage funding costs.

Citigold  revenues  of  $1.1  billion  increased  17%,  driven  by  higher  investment  fee  revenues  and  higher  deposit 
volumes.

Wealth operating expenses of $1.6 billion decreased 4%, primarily driven by the benefits of prior repositioning 
and restructuring actions.

U.S. Personal Banking (USPB) 
USPB revenues of $5.0 billion increased 3%, driven by higher net interest income due to loan growth in cards 
and higher non-interest revenue due to lower partner payments.

Branded Cards revenues of $2.7 billion increased 8%, driven by interest-earning balance growth of 8%, as 
payment rates continue to normalize, and spend volume growth of 3%.

Retail Services revenues of $1.7 billion decreased 1%, due to a slowing growth rate in interest earning balances.

Retail Banking revenues of $599 million decreased 8%, primarily driven by the transfer of relationships and the 
associated deposits to Wealth.

USPB operating expenses of $2.5 billion decreased 1%, driven by continued productivity savings, partially offset 
by higher volume-related expenses.

USPB cost of credit was $1.9 billion, compared to $1.5 billion in the prior-year period. The increase was driven by 
higher  net  credit  losses,  reflecting  that  multiple  card  loan  vintages  originated  over  the  last  few  years  are  now 
maturing, partially offset by a lower ACL build in the current quarter.

USPB net income of $522 million decreased 31%, driven by the higher cost of credit, partially offset by the higher 
revenues and the lower expenses.

All Other (Managed Basis)(9) 
All  Other  (managed  basis)  revenues  of  $1.8  billion  decreased  18%,  primarily  driven  by  closed  exits  and  wind-
downs as well as margin compression on mortgage securities in the investment portfolio that have extended.

Legacy Franchises (managed basis)(9) revenues of $1.7 billion decreased 6%, largely driven by the closed exits and 
wind-downs.

All Other (managed basis) expenses of $2.1 billion decreased 5%, as a reduction from the closed exits and wind-
downs was partially offset by a legal reserve.

All Other (managed basis) net loss of $483 million was driven by the lower revenues and the higher cost of credit, 
partially offset by the lower expenses.

Citigroup will host a conference call today at 11:00 AM (ET). A live webcast of the presentation, as well as 
financial results and presentation materials, will be available at https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors. 
The live webcast of the presentation can also be accessed at 
https://www.veracast.com/webcasts/citigroup/webinars/CITI3Q24.cfm

Additional financial, statistical and business-related information, as well as business and segment trends, is 
included in a Quarterly Financial Data Supplement. Both this earnings release and Citigroup’s Third Quarter 
2024 Quarterly Financial Data Supplement are available on Citigroup’s website at www.citigroup.com.

Citi is a preeminent banking partner for institutions with cross-border needs, a global leader in wealth 
management and a valued personal bank in its home market of the United States. Citi does business in more 
than 180 countries and jurisdictions, providing corporations, governments, investors, institutions and 
individuals with a broad range of financial products and services.

Additional information may be found at www.citigroup.com | X: @Citi | YouTube: www.youtube.com/citi | Blog: 
http://blog.citigroup.com | Facebook: www.facebook.com/citi | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/citi

Certain statements in this release are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are 
subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of future results or 
occurrences. Actual results and capital and other financial condition may differ materially from those included in 
these statements due to a variety of factors. These factors include, among others: geopolitical, macroeconomic 
and other challenges and uncertainties, including those related to election outcomes, conflicts in the Middle 
East, economic growth, inflation and interest rates; the execution and efficacy of Citi’s transformation, 
simplification and other strategic and other initiatives, including those related to its investment, expense and 
capital-related actions; the potential outcomes of the extensive legal and regulatory proceedings, examinations, 
investigations, consent orders and related compliance efforts and other inquiries to which Citi is or may be 
subject; ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, including changes in regulatory capital 
rules, requirements or interpretations; and the precautionary statements included in this release. These factors 
also consist of those contained in Citigroup’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 
including without limitation the “Risk Factors” section of Citigroup's 2023 Form 10-K. Any forward-looking 
statements made by or on behalf of Citigroup speak only as to the date they are made, and Citi does not 
undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise 
after the date the forward-looking statements were made.

(1) Ratios as of September 30, 2024 are preliminary. Citigroup’s allocated average tangible common equity (TCE) 
and return on average tangible common equity (RoTCE) are non-GAAP financial measures. RoTCE represents 
annualized net income available to common shareholders as a percentage of average TCE. For the components 
of these calculations, see Appendix A. See Appendix F for a reconciliation of common equity to TCE. For a 
reconciliation of the summation of the segments’ and components’ average allocated TCE to Citigroup’s total 
average stockholder’s equity, see Appendix H.

(2) Ratios as of September 30, 2024 are preliminary. Citigroup’s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Capital ratio and 
Supplementary Leverage ratio (SLR) reflect certain deferrals based on the modified regulatory capital transition 
provision related to the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) standard. Excluding these deferrals, Citigroup’s 
CET1 Capital ratio and SLR as of September 30, 2024 would be 13.6% and 5.8%, respectively, on a fully reflected 
basis. For additional information, see “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Treatment—Modified Transition 
of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology” in Citigroup’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

For the composition of Citigroup’s CET1 Capital and ratio, see Appendix D. For the composition of Citigroup’s 
SLR, see Appendix E.

(3) Citigroup’s payout ratio is the sum of common dividends and common share repurchases divided by net 
income available to common shareholders.

(4) Citigroup’s tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix F for a reconciliation 
of common equity to tangible common equity and resulting calculation of tangible book value per share.

(5) Revenues excluding divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information 
and a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendices B and C.

(6) Expenses excluding divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information 
and a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendices B and C. Included in Citigroup’s reported 
expenses was a reduction in operating expenses related to the FDIC special assessment in the third quarter 
2024 of approximately $56 million.

(7) Prime balances are defined as client’s billable balances where Citi provides cash or synthetic prime brokerage 
services.

(8) Credit derivatives are used to economically hedge a portion of the Corporate Lending portfolio that includes 
both accrual loans and loans at fair value. Gain / (loss) on loan hedges includes the mark-to-market on the 
credit derivatives and the mark-to-market on the loans in the portfolio that are at fair value. In the third quarter 
2024, gain / (loss) on loan hedges included $(79) million related to Corporate Lending, compared to $(47) million 
in the prior-year period. The fixed premium costs of these hedges are netted against the Corporate Lending 
revenues to reflect the cost of credit protection. Citigroup’s results of operations excluding the impact of gain / 
(loss) on loan hedges are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to 
Appendix G.

(9) All Other (managed basis) reflects results on a managed basis, which excludes divestiture-related impacts, for 
all periods, related to Citi’s divestitures of its Asia consumer banking businesses and the planned divestiture of 
its Mexico consumer banking and small business and middle market banking within Legacy Franchises. Certain 
of the results of operations of All Other (managed basis) and Legacy Franchises (managed basis) that exclude 
divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information and a reconciliation of 
these results, please refer to Appendix C.
</Citigroup RESULT>

<Citigroup RESULT>
For Immediate Release 
Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) 
January 15, 2025

RETURNED ~$6.7 BILLION IN THE FORM OF COMMON DIVIDENDS AND SHARE 
REPURCHASES IN 2024 (~$2.1 BILLION IN THE QUARTER)

BOOK VALUE PER SHARE OF $101.62

TANGIBLE BOOK VALUE PER SHARE OF $89.34(4)

New  York,  January  15,  2025  –  Citigroup  Inc.  today  reported  net  income  for  the 
fourth quarter 2024 of $2.9 billion, or $1.34 per diluted share, on revenues of $19.6 
billion. This compares to a net loss of $(1.8) billion, or $(1.16) per diluted share, on 
revenues of $17.4 billion for the fourth quarter 2023, reflecting the impact of certain 
notable items(5).

Revenues increased 12% from the prior-year period, on a reported basis, driven by 
growth  in  each  of  Citi’s  businesses  and  the  smaller  impact  from  the  currency 
devaluation  in  Argentina,  partially  offset  by  a  decline  in  All  Other.  Excluding  the 
impact  of  the  Argentina  currency  devaluation  and  divestiture-related  impacts  in 
both periods(6), revenues were up 7%.

Net income was $2.9 billion, compared to a net loss of $(1.8) billion in the prior-year 
period, primarily driven by  the higher revenues, lower expenses and lower cost of 
credit.

Earnings per share of $1.34 increased from $(1.16) per diluted share in the prior-year 
period, primarily reflecting the higher net income. Excluding the notable items in the 
prior-year period(5), diluted earnings per share would have been $0.84 for the fourth 
quarter 2023.

Citi CEO Jane Fraser said, “2024 
was a critical year and our 
results show our strategy is 
delivering as intended and 
driving stronger performance in 
our businesses.  Our net income 
was up nearly 40% to $12.7 
billion and we exceeded our full-
year revenue target, including 
record years in Services, Wealth 
and U.S. Personal Banking. We 
delivered expenses within our 
guidance and improved our 
efficiency ratio while concluding 
a significant reorganization of 
our firm.  We returned nearly $7 
billion of capital to common 
shareholders and our Board of 
Directors has authorized a 
program to repurchase $20 
billion in common stock.

"We entered 2025 with 
momentum across our 
businesses and we continue to 
strengthen our ability to serve 
our clients. While we now 
expect our 2026 RoTCE to be 
between 10% and 11% in order to 
make additional investments in 
our businesses and 
Transformation, this level is a 
waypoint, not a destination. We 
intend to improve returns well 
above that level and deliver 
Citi's full potential for our 
shareholders,” Ms. Fraser 
concluded.

Percentage  comparisons  throughout  this  press  release  are  calculated  for  the  fourth  quarter  2024  versus  the 
fourth quarter 2023, unless otherwise specified.

Citigroup 
Citigroup revenues of $19.6 billion in the fourth quarter 2024 increased 12%, on a reported basis, driven by growth 
in each of Citi’s businesses and the smaller impact from the currency devaluation in Argentina, partially offset by 
a decline in All Other. Excluding the impact of the Argentina currency devaluation and divestiture-related impacts 
in both periods(6), revenues were up 7%.

Citigroup  operating  expenses  of  $13.2  billion  decreased  18%,  on  a  reported  basis,  largely  driven  by  the  FDIC 
special assessment and the restructuring charge in the prior-year period. Excluding the impact of the FDIC special 
assessment and divestiture-related impacts in both periods(7), expenses were down 7%. This decrease was driven 
by  the  absence  of  the  restructuring  charge  and  savings  associated  with  Citi’s  organizational  simplification, 
partially offset by higher volume-related expenses.

Citigroup cost of credit was approximately $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter 2024, compared to $3.5 billion in the 
prior-year  period,  largely  driven  by  a  smaller  build  for  transfer  risk(5)  impacting  the  allowance  for  credit  losses 
(ACL). The lower ACL build was partially offset by higher net credit losses in cards in U.S. Personal Banking (USPB).

Citigroup net income was $2.9 billion in the fourth quarter 2024, compared to net loss of $(1.8) billion in the prior-
year period, driven by the higher revenues, the lower expenses and the lower cost of credit. Citigroup’s effective 
tax rate was approximately 24% in the current quarter, compared to approximately 14% in the prior-year period, 
reflecting a different geographic mix of earnings.

Citigroup’s total allowance for credit losses was approximately $22.2 billion at quarter end, compared to $21.8 
billion  at  the  end  of  the  prior-year  period.  Total  ACL  on  loans  was  approximately  $18.6  billion  at  quarter  end, 
compared  to  $18.1  billion  at  the  end  of  the  prior-year  period,  with  a  reserve-to-funded  loans  ratio  of  2.7%, 
unchanged  from  the  end  of  the  prior-year  period.  Total  non-accrual  loans  decreased  16%  from  the  prior-year 
period  to  $2.7  billion.  Corporate  non-accrual  loans  decreased  27%  from  the  prior-year  period  to  $1.4  billion. 
Consumer non-accrual loans were largely unchanged from the prior-year period at $1.3 billion.

Citigroup’s  end-of-period  loans  were  $694  billion  at  quarter  end,  up  1%  versus  the  prior-year  period,  largely 
reflecting growth in Branded Cards and Retail Banking in USPB and higher loans in Markets and Services.

Citigroup’s end-of-period deposits were approximately $1.3 trillion at quarter end, down 2% versus the prior-
year period, largely due to decreases in Markets, Wealth and All Other.

Citigroup’s book value per share of $101.62 at quarter end increased 3% versus the prior-year period, and tangible 
book  value  per  share  of  $89.34  at  quarter  end  increased  4%  versus  the  prior-year  period.  The  increases  were 
largely  driven  by  net  income  and  common  share  repurchases,  partially  offset  by  adverse  net  movements  in 
accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  (AOCI)  and  the  payment  of  common  and  preferred  dividends.  At 
quarter end, Citigroup’s  preliminary  CET1  Capital ratio was  13.6%  versus  13.7%  at the end of  the prior quarter, 
driven by adverse net movements in AOCI, the payment of common and preferred dividends as well as common 
share  repurchases,  partially  offset  by  net  income  and  lower  risk-weighted  assets.  Citigroup’s  Supplementary 
Leverage ratio for the fourth quarter 2024 remained largely unchanged at 5.8% from the prior quarter. During the 
quarter,  Citigroup  returned  a  total  of  $2.1  billion  to  common  shareholders  in  the  form  of  dividends  and  share 
repurchases.  On  January  13,  2025,  Citigroup's  Board  of  Directors  authorized  a  new,  multi-year  $20  billion 
common stock repurchase program beginning in the first quarter of 2025.(8)

Services 
Services  revenues  of  $5.2  billion  were  up  15%,  reflecting  a  smaller  impact  from  the  Argentina  currency 
devaluation and continued momentum across Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS) and Securities Services, both 
of which continued to gain market share this year. Excluding the impact of the Argentina currency devaluation(6) 
in both periods, revenues were up 3%. Net interest income was largely unchanged, as the benefit of higher deposit 
volumes was offset by a decline in interest rates in Argentina. Non-interest revenue increased 61%, driven by the 
smaller impact from the Argentina currency devaluation, as well as continued strength across underlying TTS fee 
drivers, and preliminary assets under custody and administration.

Treasury and Trade Solutions  revenues of $3.9  billion were up  15%,  driven by  a  98% increase in non-interest 
revenues and a 2% decrease in net interest income. The increase in non-interest revenue was driven by the smaller 
impact from the Argentina currency devaluation as well as an increase in cross-border transaction value of 2%, an

increase  in  U.S.  dollar  clearing  volume  of  10%  and  an  increase  in  commercial  card  spend  volume  of  4%.  The 
decrease  in  net  interest  income  was  driven  by  the  decline  in  interest  rates  in  Argentina,  partially  offset  by  the 
higher deposit volumes.

Securities  Services  revenues  of  $1.2  billion  increased  15%,  largely  driven  by  a  20%  increase  in  non-interest 
revenue and a 9% increase in net interest income, primarily driven by higher deposit volumes. The increase in non-
interest  revenue  was  primarily  due  to  the  smaller  impact  from  the  Argentina  currency  devaluation  and  a 
preliminary 8% increase in assets under custody and administration that benefited from new client onboardings, 
deepening relationships with existing clients and higher market valuations.

Services  operating  expenses  of  $2.6  billion  increased  1%,  driven  by  continued  investment  in  technology  and 
platform modernization, partially offset by productivity savings.

Services net income of $1.9 billion increased 138%, driven by the higher revenues and the lower cost of credit,  
partially offset by the higher expenses.

Markets 
Markets revenues of $4.6 billion increased 36%, driven by growth in Fixed Income and Equity markets revenues.

Fixed Income markets revenues of $3.5 billion increased 37%, driven by rates and currencies and spread products 
and other fixed income. The increase in rates and currencies was driven by increased client activity and a favorable 
trading environment, combined with the comparison to a challenged quarter in the prior-year period. The increase 
in spread products and other fixed income was driven by increased client activity in credit and mortgage trading, 
higher securitization volumes and higher commodities revenues.

Equity markets revenues of $1.1 billion increased 34%, largely driven by cash equities. Equity markets also had 
continued growth in prime balances(10), up approximately 23%.

Markets  operating  expenses  of  $3.2  billion  decreased  8%,  primarily  driven  by  lower  legal  expenses  and 
productivity savings.

Markets cost of credit was $134 million, compared to $209 million in the prior-year period, driven by a smaller 
increase in the ACL, primarily due to a reduction in transfer risk(9), partially offset by a build in spread products. 
The lower cost of credit was also due to lower net credit losses.

Markets net income of $1.0 billion, compared to a net loss of $(140) million, driven by the higher revenues, the 
lower expenses and the lower cost of credit.

Banking 
Banking revenues of $1.2 billion increased 27%, largely driven by growth in Investment Banking.

Investment Banking revenues of $925 million increased 35%, driven by an increase in Investment Banking fees 
of 35%, reflecting growth across all products. Debt Capital Markets benefited from continued investment grade 
issuance momentum and increased leveraged finance activity, while Equity Capital Markets saw strong issuance 
activity.  Growth  in  Advisory  was  driven  by  continued  strong  client  engagement  as  well  as  the  completion  of 
previously announced acquisitions, given a more conducive macroeconomic environment.

Corporate  Lending  revenues  of  $322  million,  excluding  mark-to-market  on  loan  hedges,(11)  decreased  24%, 
driven  by  lower  revenue  share  and  volumes,  partially  offset  by  a  smaller  impact  from  the  Argentina  currency 
devaluation.

Banking  operating  expenses  of  $1.1  billion  decreased  9%,  primarily  driven  by  benefits  of  prior  repositioning 
actions, partially offset by higher volume-related expenses.

Banking cost of credit was a benefit of $(240) million, compared to a provision of $184 million in the prior-year 
period, driven by an ACL release, primarily resulting from a reduction in transfer risk(9), as well as lower net credit 
losses.

Banking net income of $356 million increased 220%, reflecting the higher revenues, the lower expenses and the 
lower cost of credit.

Wealth  
Wealth revenues of $2.0 billion increased 20%, driven by a 22% increase in non-interest revenue, reflecting higher 
investment fee revenues on growth in client investment assets, as well as a 20% increase in net interest income 
driven by higher average deposit spreads and volumes.

Private  Bank  revenues  of  $590  million  increased  9%,  mainly  due  to  improved  deposit  spreads  and  higher 
investment fee revenues, partially offset by higher mortgage funding costs.

Wealth at Work revenues of $256 million increased 21%, primarily driven by improved deposit spreads and higher 
investment fee revenues, partially offset by higher mortgage funding costs.

Citigold  revenues  of  $1.2  billion  increased  27%,  driven  by  higher  deposit  spreads,  higher  deposit  volumes 
reflecting  the  transfer  of  relationships  and  the  associated  deposits  from  USPB,  and  higher  investment  fee 
revenues.

Wealth operating expenses of $1.6 billion decreased 3%, primarily driven by the benefits of prior  repositioning 
actions.

U.S. Personal Banking (USPB) 
USPB revenues of $5.2 billion increased 6%, driven by higher net interest income due to loan growth in cards 
and higher non-interest revenue due to lower partner payments.

Branded Cards revenues of $2.8 billion increased 7%, driven by interest-earning balance growth of 7%, as 
payment rates continue to normalize, and spend volume growth, up 5%.

Retail Services revenues of $1.8 billion increased 7%, driven by the lower partner payments due to higher net 
credit losses, as well as interest-earning balance growth of 3%.

Retail Banking revenues of $685 million were largely unchanged, as higher deposit spreads were offset by the 
transfer of relationships and the associated deposits to Wealth.

USPB operating expenses of $2.5 billion decreased 2%, driven by continued productivity savings, partially offset 
by higher volume-related expenses.

USPB cost of credit was $2.2 billion, compared to $2.1 billion in the prior-year period. The increase was driven by 
higher net credit losses, reflecting that multiple card loan vintages originated over the last few years continue to 
mature and the effects from the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment, partially offset by a smaller 
ACL build for loans.

USPB net income of $392 million increased 95%, driven by the higher revenues and the lower expenses, partially 
offset by the higher cost of credit.

All Other (Managed Basis)(12) 
All Other (managed basis) revenues of $1.4 billion decreased 34%, primarily driven by net investment securities 
losses due to the repositioning of the investment securities portfolio, higher funding costs and  the closed exits 
and wind-downs.

Legacy Franchises (managed basis)(12) revenues of $1.6 billion decreased 9%, largely driven by the closed exits 
and wind-downs.

Corporate / Other revenues of $(228) million decreased from $309 million in the prior-year period, driven by the 
net investment securities losses due to the repositioning of the investment securities portfolio and higher funding 
costs.

All  Other  (managed  basis)  expenses  of  $2.2  billion  decreased  51%,  primarily  driven  by  the  absence  of  the 
restructuring charge and FDIC special assessment recognized in the prior-year period, as well as a reduction from 
the closed exits and wind-downs.

All Other (managed basis) cost of credit was $397 million, compared to $460 million in the prior-year period, 
driven by a smaller increase in the ACL due to a reduction in transfer risk(9), partially offset by a higher ACL build 
for loans in Mexico.

All Other (managed basis) net loss was $(1.1) billion, compared to $(2.3) billion in the prior-year period, driven by 
the lower expenses and the lower cost of credit, partially offset by the lower revenues.

Citigroup will host a conference call today at 11:00 AM (ET). A live webcast of the presentation, as well as 
financial results and presentation materials, will be available at https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors. 
The live webcast of the presentation can also be accessed at 
https://www.veracast.com/webcasts/citigroup/webinars/CITI4Q24.cfm.

Additional financial, statistical and business-related information, as well as business and segment trends, is 
included in a Quarterly Financial Data Supplement. Both this earnings release and Citigroup’s Fourth Quarter 
2024 Quarterly Financial Data Supplement are available on Citigroup’s website at www.citigroup.com.

Citi is a preeminent banking partner for institutions with cross-border needs, a global leader in wealth 
management and a valued personal bank in its home market of the United States. Citi does business in more 
than 180 countries and jurisdictions, providing corporations, governments, investors, institutions and 
individuals with a broad range of financial products and services.

Additional information may be found at www.citigroup.com | X: @Citi | YouTube: www.youtube.com/citi | Blog: 
http://blog.citigroup.com | Facebook: www.facebook.com/citi | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/citi

Certain statements in this release are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are 
subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of future results or 
occurrences. Actual results and capital and other financial condition may differ materially from those included in 
these statements due to a variety of factors. These factors include, among others: (i) geopolitical, 
macroeconomic and other challenges and uncertainties, including those related to potential changes to policies 
and in other priorities resulting from the new U.S. administration and Congress, changes in interest rate policies, 
economic growth and unemployment rates, any resurgence in inflation, the Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in 
the Middle East; (ii) the execution and efficacy of Citi’s transformation, simplification and other priorities, 
including those related to its investment, expense, capital and other revenue-related actions; (iii) the potential 
outcomes of the extensive legal and regulatory proceedings, examinations, investigations, consent orders and 
related compliance efforts and other inquiries to which Citi is or may be subject; (iv) ongoing regulatory and 
legislative uncertainties and changes, including changes in regulatory capital rules, requirements or 
interpretations; and (v) the precautionary statements included in this release. These factors also consist of those 
contained in Citigroup's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation 
the “Risk Factors” section of Citigroup’s 2023 Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf 
of Citigroup speak only as to the date they are made, and Citi does not undertake to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking 
statements were made.

(1) Ratios as of December 31, 2024 are preliminary. Citigroup’s allocated average tangible common equity (TCE) 
and return on average tangible common equity (RoTCE) are non-GAAP financial measures. RoTCE represents 
annualized net income available to common shareholders as a percentage of average TCE. For the components 
of these calculations, see Appendix A. See Appendix F for a reconciliation of common equity to TCE. For a 
reconciliation of the summation of the segments’ and components’ average allocated TCE to Citigroup’s total 
average stockholder’s equity, see Appendix H.

As used herein, 2026 RoTCE is a forward-looking non-GAAP financial measure.  From time to time, management 
may discuss forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures, such as forward-looking estimates or targets for 
revenue, expenses and RoTCE.  Citi is unable to provide a reconciliation of forward-looking non-GAAP financial 
measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures because Citi is unable to provide, without 
unreasonable effort, a meaningful or accurate calculation or estimation of amounts that would be necessary for 
the reconciliation due to the complexity and inherent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying future amounts or 
when they may occur.  Such unavailable information could be significant for future results.

(2) Ratios as of December 31, 2024 are preliminary. Citigroup’s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Capital ratio and 
Supplementary Leverage ratio (SLR) reflect certain deferrals based on the modified regulatory capital transition 
provision related to the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) standard. Excluding these deferrals, Citigroup’s 
CET1 Capital ratio and SLR as of December 31, 2024 would be 13.5% and 5.8%, respectively, on a fully reflected 
basis. For additional information, see “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Treatment—Modified Transition 
of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology” in Citigroup’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

For the composition of Citigroup’s CET1 Capital and ratio, see Appendix D. For the composition of Citigroup’s 
SLR, see Appendix E.

(3) Citigroup’s payout ratio is the sum of common dividends and common share repurchases divided by net 
income available to common shareholders.

(4) Citigroup’s tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix F for a reconciliation 
of common equity to tangible common equity and resulting calculation of tangible book value per share.

(5) As previously disclosed, fourth quarter 2023 results included several notable pre-tax items consisting of: (i) an 
approximately $1.7 billion charge to operating expenses related to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
(FDIC) special assessment; (ii) an approximately $1.3 billion net ACL reserve build driven by increases in transfer 
risk associated with exposures in Russia and Argentina, driven by safety and soundness considerations under 
U.S. banking law; (iii) an $(880) million revenue impact from the Argentina currency devaluation; and (iv) an 
approximately $781 million restructuring charge, recorded in operating expenses. In total, the items had a pre-
tax impact of $(4.7) billion and an after-tax impact of $(3.8) billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 and negatively 
impacted diluted EPS by approximately $(2.00) and RoTCE by (9.2)%, reducing RoTCE from 4.1% to (5.1)%. 
Results of operation excluding the impact of these notable items are non-GAAP financial measures. For a 
reconciliation of diluted EPS to reported results, see Appendix I.

Fourth quarter 2024 results included the following pre-tax items: (i) an approximately $(26) million release of 
accruals associated with the FDIC special assessment; (ii) an approximately $47 million net ACL reserve build 
driven by an aggregate increase in transfer risk associated with exposures in Russia and Argentina driven by 
safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law; (iii) a $(71) million revenue impact from 
devaluation of the Argentine peso; and (iv) an $(11) million release of the restructuring accrual. In total, the items 
had a pre-tax impact of $(81) million and an after-tax impact of $(94) million in the fourth quarter of 2024 and 
did not have a meaningful impact to diluted EPS or RoTCE.

(6) Revenues excluding the impacts of the Argentina currency devaluation and/or divestiture-related impacts are 
non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendices B and C.

(7) Expenses excluding the impacts of the FDIC special assessment and divestiture-related impacts are non-
GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendices B and C.

plans established in accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules, or other means; and as 
determined by Citigroup, may be subject to satisfactory market conditions, Citigroup’s capital position and 
capital requirements, applicable legal requirements and other factors.

(9) References to changes in transfer risk are in the aggregate and associated with exposures in Russia and/or 
Argentina, driven by safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law.

(10) Prime balances are defined as client’s billable balances where Citi provides cash or synthetic prime brokerage 
services.

(11) Credit derivatives are used to economically hedge a portion of the Corporate Lending portfolio that includes 
both accrual loans and loans at fair value. Gain / (loss) on loan hedges includes the mark-to-market on the 
credit derivatives and the mark-to-market on the loans in the portfolio that are at fair value. In the fourth quarter 
2024, gain / (loss) on loan hedges included $(6) million related to Corporate Lending, compared to $(131) million 
in the prior-year period. In the full year 2024, gain / (loss) on loan hedges included $(180) million related to 
Corporate Lending, compared to $(443) million in the prior-year period. The fixed premium costs of these 
hedges are netted against the Corporate Lending revenues to reflect the cost of credit protection. Citigroup’s 
results of operations excluding the impact of gain / (loss) on loan hedges are non-GAAP financial measures. For 
a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendix G.

(12) All Other (managed basis) reflects results on a managed basis, which excludes divestiture-related impacts, for 
all periods, related to Citigroup’s divestitures of its Asia consumer banking businesses and the planned 
divestiture of its Mexico consumer banking and small business and middle market banking within Legacy 
Franchises. Certain of the results of operations of All Other (managed basis) and Legacy Franchises (managed 
basis) that exclude divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information 
and a reconciliation of these results, please refer to Appendix C.
</Citigroup RESULT>

<Citigroup RESULT>
For Immediate Release 
Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) 
April 15, 2025

RETURNED ~$2.8 BILLION IN THE FORM OF COMMON DIVIDENDS AND SHARE 
REPURCHASES

BOOK VALUE PER SHARE OF $103.90

TANGIBLE BOOK VALUE PER SHARE OF $91.52(4)

Revenues increased 3%(5) from the prior-year period, on a reported basis, driven by 
growth in each of Citi’s five interconnected businesses, largely offset by a decline in 
All Other.  Excluding divestiture-related impacts in both periods(6), revenues were 
also up 3%.

Net  income  was  $4.1  billion,  compared  to  $3.4  billion  in  the  prior-year  period, 
driven by lower expenses and the higher revenues, partially offset by higher cost of 
credit.

Percentage comparisons throughout this press release are calculated for the  first 
quarter 2025 versus the first quarter 2024, unless otherwise specified.

Citi CEO Jane Fraser said, “With 
net income of $4.1 billion we 
delivered a strong quarter, 
marked by continued 
momentum, positive operating 
leverage and improved returns 
in each of our five businesses. 
Services recorded its best first 
quarter revenue in a decade. 
Markets had a good first quarter 
with revenue up 12% driven by 
strong client activity and 
monetization. Banking was up 
12% with M&A revenue nearly 
double from what it was last 
year. Wealth revenues increased 
24% with progress across all 
three client segments. USPB 
was up 2%, driven mainly by 
growth in Branded Cards, and 
also saw improved returns. We 
returned $2.8 billion in capital 
to our shareholders including 
$1.75 billion of buybacks as part 
of our $20 billion plan.

“From quarter to quarter, we are 
building on our track record of 
progress. We remain intently 
focused on executing our 
strategy, which is based on a 
diversified business mix and will 
perform in a wide variety of 
macro scenarios. When all is 
said and done, and long-
standing trade imbalances and 
other structural shifts are 
behind us, the U.S. will still be 
the world’s leading economy, 
and the dollar will remain the 
reserve currency.  The deep 
knowledge and breadth of 
capabilities we bring to the 
many markets where we 
operate are a point of 
distinction as we continue to 
help our clients navigate an 
uncertain environment,”  
Ms. Fraser concluded.

Citigroup 
Citigroup revenues of $21.6 billion in the first quarter 2025 increased 3%(5), on a reported basis, driven by growth 
in each of Citi’s businesses, largely offset by a decline in All Other. Excluding the divestiture-related impacts in 
both periods(6), revenues were also up 3%.  Net interest income increased 4%, driven by  U.S.  Personal Banking 
(USPB), Markets, Wealth and Services, largely offset by declines in All Other and Banking. Non-interest revenue 
increased 1%, driven by Markets, Banking and Wealth, offset by declines in All Other, USPB and Services.

Citigroup operating expenses of $13.4 billion were down 5% on a reported basis, driven by a smaller FDIC special 
assessment, the absence of a restructuring charge and lower compensation expenses. The lower compensation 
expenses  included  a  favorable  FX  impact,  productivity  savings  related  to  Citi’s  organizational  simplification, 
stranded cost reduction and lower severance. These drivers were partially offset by increases in technology and 
communications,  professional  fees  related  to  Transformation,  as  well  as  advertising  and  marketing  expenses. 
Excluding the FDIC special assessment and divestiture-related impacts in both periods(7), expenses were down 
3%.

Citigroup cost of credit of $2.7 billion increased 15%, driven by a higher net build in the allowance for credit losses 
(ACL)  related  to  deterioration  in  the  macroeconomic  outlook  in  the  current  quarter  relative  to  the  prior-year 
period, and higher net credit losses in the card portfolios in USPB.

Citigroup net income was $4.1 billion in the first quarter 2025, compared to net income of $3.4 billion in the prior-
year period, driven by  the lower expenses and  the  higher revenues,  partially  offset by  the  higher  cost of  credit. 
Citigroup’s effective tax rate  of approximately  25% in the current quarter  was largely unchanged from the first 
quarter 2024.

compared to $18.3 billion at the end of the prior-year period, with a reserve-to-funded loans ratio of 2.70%, down 
from  2.75%  in  the  prior-year  period.  Total  non-accrual  loans  decreased  2%  from  the  prior-year  period  to  $2.7 
billion.  Corporate  non-accrual  loans  decreased  8%  from  the  prior-year  period  to  $1.4  billion.  Consumer  non-
accrual loans increased 4% from the prior-year period to $1.3 billion.

Citigroup’s end-of-period loans were $702.1 billion at quarter end, up 4% versus the prior-year period, driven by 
higher loans in Services and Markets, and growth in Retail Banking and Branded Cards in USPB, partially offset by 
lower loans in Banking.

Citigroup’s end-of-period deposits were approximately $1.3 trillion at quarter end, up 1% versus the prior-year 
period, driven by an increase in Services, largely offset by lower deposits in Wealth, All Other and Markets.

Citigroup’s  book  value  per  share  of  $103.90  at  quarter  end  increased  5%  versus  the  prior-year  period,  and 
tangible book value per share of $91.52 at quarter end increased 6% versus the prior-year period. The increases 
reflected  higher  net  income,  common  share  repurchases  and  beneficial  net  movements  in  accumulated  other 
comprehensive income (AOCI), partially  offset by  the payment  of common and  preferred dividends.  At  quarter 
end, Citigroup’s preliminary CET1 Capital ratio was 13.4% versus 13.6% at the end of the prior quarter, driven by 
the  payment  of  common  and  preferred  dividends  as well  as  common  share  repurchases,  higher  risk-weighted 
assets  and  higher  deferred  tax  assets,  largely  offset  by  net  income  and  beneficial  net  movements  in  AOCI. 
Citigroup’s Supplementary Leverage ratio for the first quarter 2025 was 5.8%, unchanged from the prior quarter. 
During the quarter, Citigroup returned a total of approximately $2.8 billion to common shareholders in the form 
of dividends and share repurchases.

Services 
Services revenues of $4.9 billion were up 3%(5), driven by growth in Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS), which 
continued to gain market share. Net interest income increased 5%, driven by higher deposit spreads as well as an 
increase in deposit and loan balances. Non-interest revenue declined 4%, driven by a decline in Securities Services 
due to the absence of certain episodic fees in the prior-year period, higher revenue share and the impact of FX in 
both TTS and Securities Services, partially  offset by the  benefit  of  continued  strength in underlying fee drivers 
across  the  business,  particularly  U.S.  dollar  clearing  volume,  cross  border  transaction  value  and  assets  under 
custody and administration.

Treasury and Trade Solutions revenues of $3.6 billion were up 4%, driven by a 5% increase in net interest income, 
partially offset by a 2% decrease in non-interest revenue. The increase in net interest income was driven by higher 
deposit  spreads  as  well  as  an  increase  in  deposit  and  loan  balances,  partially  offset  by  the  impact  of  FX.  The 
decrease in non-interest revenue was driven by the impact of higher revenue share and FX, primarily offset by an 
increase in cross border transaction value of 5%, an increase in U.S. dollar clearing volume of 8% and an increase 
in commercial card spend volume of 2%.

Securities Services revenues of $1.2 billion were unchanged, driven by a 6% decrease in non-interest revenue, 
offset by a 7% increase in net interest income, driven by higher deposit  balances. The decrease in non-interest 
revenue was driven by the absence of certain episodic fees in the prior-year period, along with the impact of FX 
and higher revenue share, partially offset by increases in assets under custody and administration.

Services  operating  expenses  of  $2.6  billion  decreased  3%,  largely  driven  by  lower  deposit  insurance  costs, 
severance and legal expenses.

Services cost of credit was $51 million, compared to $64 million in the prior-year period.

Services net income of $1.6 billion increased 7%, driven by the higher revenues, the lower expenses and the lower 
cost of credit.

Markets 
Markets  revenues  of  $6.0  billion  increased  12%,  driven  by  growth  in  both  Fixed  Income  and  Equity  markets 
revenues.

Fixed Income markets revenues of $4.5 billion increased 8%, driven by growth across rates and currencies as well 
as spread products and other fixed income. Rates and currencies increased 9%, largely driven by increased client 
activity. Spread products and other fixed income increased 7%, driven by higher client activity and loan growth, 
mainly in spread products.

Equity markets revenues of $1.5 billion increased 23%, primarily driven by equity derivatives, on increased market 
volatility and higher client activity, and momentum in prime services, with prime balances(9) up approximately 16%.

Markets  operating  expenses  of  $3.5  billion  increased  2%,  driven  by  higher  volume  and  other  revenue-related 
expenses.

Banking 
Banking revenues of $2.0 billion increased 12%, driven by growth in Investment Banking as well as the impact of 
mark-to-market on loan hedges, partially offset by a decline in Corporate Lending, excluding mark-to-market on 
loan hedges(10).

Investment Banking revenues of $1.0 billion increased 12%, driven by an increase in Investment Banking fees of 
14%, driven by growth in Advisory, partially offset by declines in Equity Capital Markets (ECM) and Debt Capital 
Markets (DCM). Advisory fees increased 84%, as the business gained wallet share overall and across numerous 
sectors. ECM fees were down 26% amid a decline in the market wallet for follow-ons and convertibles. DCM fees 
were down 3% compared to a strong prior-year performance.

Corporate Lending revenues of $903 million, excluding mark-to-market on loan hedges(10), decreased 1%, driven 
by  the  impact  of  lower  loan  balances  and  higher  recoveries  in  the  prior-year  period,  primarily  offset  by  higher 
revenue share.

Banking operating expenses of $1.0 billion decreased 12%, largely driven by lower compensation, reflecting the 
benefits of prior repositioning actions.

Banking cost of credit was $214 million, compared to a benefit of $(129) million in the prior-year period, driven by 
a net ACL build related to deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook in the current quarter, compared to an ACL 
release in the prior-year period, partially offset by lower net credit losses.

Banking net income of $543 million increased 4%, driven by the higher revenue and the lower expenses, offset by 
the higher cost of credit.

Wealth  
Wealth revenues of $2.1 billion increased 24%, driven by growth across Citigold, the Private Bank and Wealth at 
Work. Net interest income of $1.3 billion increased 30%, driven by growth in deposit spreads, partially offset by 
lower  deposit  balances.  Non-interest  revenue  of  $822  million  increased  16%,  primarily  driven  by  growth  in 
investment fee revenues, with client investment assets up 16%.

Private  Bank  revenues  of  $664  million  increased  16%,  primarily  driven  by  higher  deposit  spreads  and  higher 
investment fee revenues, partially offset by lower deposit balances.

Wealth  at  Work  revenues  of  $268  million  increased  48%,  driven  by  higher  deposit  spreads,  higher  lending 
revenues and higher investment fee revenues.

Citigold revenues of $1.2 billion increased 24%, driven by higher deposit spreads, higher investment fee revenues 
and higher lending revenues, partially offset by lower deposit balances. The decrease in deposit balances reflected 
a shift in deposits to higher-yielding investments on Citi’s Wealth platform and other operating outflows, primarily 
offset by the deposit impact from client transfers from USPB(11).

Wealth operating expenses of $1.6 billion were unchanged from the prior-year period, driven by benefits from 
prior repositioning actions as well as lower technology expenses, offset by higher revenue-related expenses and 
higher severance.

Wealth cost of credit was $98 million, compared to a benefit of $(170) million in the prior-year period, driven by a 
net ACL build related to deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook in the current quarter, compared to an ACL 
release in the prior-year period, and higher net credit losses.

U.S. Personal Banking (USPB)(12) 
USPB revenues of $5.2 billion increased 2%, driven by growth in Branded Cards and Retail Banking, largely 
offset by a decline in Retail Services. Net interest income increased 6%, driven by loan growth in Branded Cards 
as well as higher deposit spreads in Retail Banking. Non-interest revenue decreased 168%, primarily driven by 
higher partner payment accruals in Retail Services.

Branded Cards revenues of $2.9 billion increased 9%, partially driven by interest-earning balance growth of 8% 
and higher card spend volume, up 3%.

Retail Services revenues of $1.7 billion decreased 11%, primarily driven by higher partner payment accruals.

Retail Banking revenues of $661 million increased 17%, driven by the impact of higher deposit spreads, largely 
offset by the deposit impact from the client transfers to Wealth(11).

USPB  operating  expenses  of  $2.4  billion  were  unchanged  from  the  prior-year  period,  driven  by  continued 
productivity savings, offset by higher advertising and marketing as well as legal expenses.

USPB cost of credit was $1.8 billion, compared to $2.2 billion in the prior-year period. The decrease was driven by 
a net ACL release in the current quarter, reflecting both a decline in card balances, and also an ACL build related 
to changes in portfolio composition and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook. This compared to an ACL 
build in the prior-year period due to portfolio mix changes. This change in ACL was partially offset by higher net 
credit losses in the card portfolios.

USPB net income of $745 million increased 115%, driven by the lower cost of credit and the higher revenues.

All Other (Managed Basis)(13) 
All Other (managed basis) revenues of $1.4 billion decreased 39%, driven by lower net interest income and the 
impact of mark-to-market valuation changes on certain investments in Corporate/Other as well as lower revenue 
related to wind-down and exit markets and the impact of Mexican peso depreciation.

Legacy Franchises (managed basis)(13) revenues of $1.6 billion decreased 11%, driven by lower revenue related to 
closed exits and wind-downs and the impact of the Mexican peso depreciation.

Corporate/Other revenues of $(176) million decreased from $557 million in the prior-year period, largely driven 
by lower net interest income and the impact of mark-to-market valuation changes on certain investments.

All Other (managed basis) expenses of $2.2 billion decreased 17%, driven by a smaller FDIC special assessment 
and the absence of a restructuring charge versus the prior-year period, as well as the reduction from wind-down 
and exit markets and the impact of the Mexican peso depreciation.

All Other  (managed basis) cost of credit  was  $359  million, compared to $186  million in the prior-year period, 
driven by a net ACL build related to deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook in the current quarter, and higher 
net credit losses in the consumer loan portfolio in Mexico.

All Other (managed basis) net loss was $(870) million, compared to $(477) million in the prior-year period, driven 
by the lower revenues and the higher cost of credit, partially offset by the lower expenses.

Citigroup will host a conference call today at 11:00 AM (ET). A live webcast of the presentation, as well as 
financial results and presentation materials, will be available at https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors. 
The live webcast of the presentation can also be accessed at 
https://www.veracast.com/webcasts/citigroup/webinars/CITI1Q25.cfm

Additional financial, statistical and business-related information, as well as business and segment trends, is 
included in a Quarterly Financial Data Supplement. Both this earnings release and Citigroup’s First Quarter 2025 
Quarterly Financial Data Supplement are available on Citigroup’s website at www.citigroup.com.

Citi is a preeminent banking partner for institutions with cross-border needs, a global leader in wealth 
management and a valued personal bank in its home market of the United States. Citi does business in more 
than 180 countries and jurisdictions, providing corporations, governments, investors, institutions and 
individuals with a broad range of financial products and services.

Additional information may be found at www.citigroup.com | X: @Citi | YouTube: www.youtube.com/citi | Blog: 
http://blog.citigroup.com | Facebook: www.facebook.com/citi | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/citi

Certain statements in this release are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are 
subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of future results or 
occurrences. Actual results and capital and other financial condition may differ materially from those included in 
these statements due to a variety of factors. These factors include, among others: (i) macroeconomic, 
geopolitical, and other challenges and uncertainties, including those related to actual or potential policies and 
actions from the new U.S. administration, such as tariffs, and reciprocal actions by other countries or regions, 
significant volatility and disruptions in financial markets, a resurgence of inflation, increases in unemployment 
rates, increases in interest rates and slowing economic growth or recession in the U.S. and other countries or 
regions; (ii) the execution and efficacy of Citi’s priorities regarding its simplification, transformation and 
enhanced business performance, including those related to revenue, net interest income, expense and capital-
related expectations; (iii) a deterioration in business and consumer confidence and spending, including lower 
credit card spend and loan growth, as well as lower than expected interest rates; (iv) changes in regulatory 
capital requirements, interpretations or rules; and (v) the precautionary statements included in this release. 
These factors also consist of those contained in Citigroup's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission, including without limitation the “Risk Factors” section of Citigroup’s 2024 Form 10-K. Any 
forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Citigroup speak only as to the date they are made, and Citi 
does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that 
arise after the date the forward-looking statements were made.

(1) Ratios as of March 31, 2025 are preliminary. Citigroup’s allocated average tangible common equity (TCE) and 
return on average tangible common equity (RoTCE) are non-GAAP financial measures. RoTCE represents 
annualized net income available to common shareholders as a percentage of average TCE. For the components 
of these calculations, see Appendix A. See Appendix F for a reconciliation of common equity to TCE. For a 
reconciliation of the summation of the segments’ and components’ average allocated TCE to Citigroup’s total 
average stockholder’s equity, see Appendix H.

(2) Ratios as of March 31, 2025 are preliminary. Commencing January 1, 2025, the capital effects resulting from 
adoption of the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) methodology have been fully reflected in Citi's regulatory 
capital. For additional information, see “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Treatment—Modified Transition 
of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology” in Citigroup’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

For the composition of Citigroup’s CET1 Capital and ratio, see Appendix D. For the composition of Citigroup’s 
SLR, see Appendix E.

(3) Citigroup’s payout ratio is the sum of common dividends and common share repurchases divided by net 
income available to common shareholders.

(4) Citigroup’s tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix F for a reconciliation 
of common equity to tangible common equity and resulting calculation of tangible book value per share.

(5) In the first quarter 2025, Citigroup’s and Services’ reported revenue included $(51) million and $(36) million, 
respectively, from the impact of the currency devaluation in Argentina.

(6) Citigroup’s revenues excluding divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For a 
reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendices B and C.

(7) Citigroup’s expenses excluding the FDIC special assessment and divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP 
financial measures. For a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to Appendices B and C.

(8) Effective January 1, 2025, certain transaction processing fees paid by Citi, primarily to credit card networks, 
reported within USPB, Services, Wealth and All Other - Legacy Franchises, which were previously presented 
within Other operating expense, are presented as contra-revenue within Commissions and fees, reported in 
non-interest revenue. Prior periods were conformed to reflect this change in presentation.

(9) Prime balances are defined as client’s billable balances where Citigroup provides cash or synthetic prime 
brokerage services.

(10) Credit derivatives are used to economically hedge a portion of the Corporate Lending portfolio that includes 
both accrual loans and loans at fair value. Gain / (loss) on loan hedges includes the mark-to-market on the 
credit derivatives and the mark-to-market on the loans in the portfolio that are at fair value. In the first quarter 
2025, gain / (loss) on loan hedges included $14 million related to Corporate Lending, compared to $(104) million 
in the prior-year period. The fixed premium costs of these hedges are netted against the Corporate Lending 
revenues to reflect the cost of credit protection. Citigroup’s results of operations excluding the impact of gain / 
(loss) on loan hedges are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation to reported results, please refer to 
Appendix G.

(11) Reflects the impact of the net deposit balance transfers from USPB to Citigold in Wealth of approximately $14 
billion over the last 12 months, including approximately $4 billion during the first quarter 2025. These amounts 
represent the balances at the time client relationships are transferred.

(12) Effective January 1, 2025, USPB changed its reporting for certain installment lending products that were 
transferred from Retail Banking to Branded Cards and Retail Services to reflect where these products are 
managed. Prior periods were conformed to reflect this change.

divestiture of its Mexico consumer banking and small business and middle market banking within Legacy 
Franchises. Certain of the results of operations of All Other (managed basis) and Legacy Franchises (managed 
basis) that exclude divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP financial measures. For additional information 
and a reconciliation of these results, please refer to Appendix C.
</Citigroup RESULT>

<JPMC RESULT>
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179-0001
NYSE symbol: JPM
www.jpmorganchase.com

Std. RWA3 $1.7T
Cash and marketable securities4 $1.5T
Average loans $1.3T

n Reported revenue of $41.9 billion and managed

revenue of $42.5 billion2

n Expense of $22.8 billion; reported overhead ratio of
54%; managed overhead ratio2 of 53%; expense
included a $725 million increase to the estimated
FDIC special assessment2,5, which increased the
overhead ratio by 2%

n Credit costs of $1.9 billion included $2.0 billion of net
charge-offs and a $72 million net reserve release
n Average loans up 16%, or up 3% excluding First

Republic; Card Services net charge-off rate of 3.32%

Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO, commented: “We reported strong 
results in the first quarter, delivering net income of $13.4 billion, or $14.0 
billion excluding a $725 million increase to the FDIC special assessment. 
Last month, we announced a 10% increase to the common dividend. Our 
exceptionally high CET1 capital ratio of 15.0% and peer-leading returns 
provide us with the capacity and flexibility to both reinvest for growth and 
maintain an attractive capital-return profile, without compromising our 
fortress balance sheet.”

Dimon continued: “This quarter, NII declined 4% sequentially, and as 
expected, NII ex. Markets declined 2% sequentially due to deposit margin 
compression and lower deposit balances, mostly in CCB. Looking ahead, 
we expect normalization to continue for both NII and credit costs.”

Dimon continued: “Our lines of business saw strong underlying 
performance. In CCB, client investment assets were up 25% excluding First 
Republic, and we continued to add new customers. In CIB, IB fees 
increased 21%, reflecting improved DCM and ECM activity. In CB, we saw 
strong growth in Payments fees and onboarded a significant number of new 
client relationships. Finally, in AWM, asset management fees were up 14%, 
with continued strong net inflows.”

Dimon added: “Many economic indicators continue to be favorable. 
However, looking ahead, we remain alert to a number of significant 
uncertain forces. First, the global landscape is unsettling – terrible wars 
and violence continue to cause suffering, and geopolitical tensions are 
growing. Second, there seems to be a large number of persistent 
inflationary pressures, which may likely continue. And finally, we have 
never truly experienced the full effect of quantitative tightening on this 
scale. We do not know how these factors will play out, but we must prepare 
the Firm for a wide range of potential environments to ensure that we can 
consistently be there for clients.”

Dimon concluded: “We continue to be a pillar of strength for our clients, 
communities and markets across the world – while also delivering for 
shareholders. This quarter, we grew customers, continued to position the 
Firm for the future, maintained our fortress principles, raised the dividend 
and played a critical role in driving economic growth by extending credit 
and raising capital totaling more than $655 billion.”

CAPITAL DISTRIBUTIONS
n Common dividend of $3.3 billion or $1.15 per share
n $2.0 billion of common stock net repurchases12
n Net payout LTM12,13 of 42%
FORTRESS PRINCIPLES
n Book value per share of $106.81, up 13%; tangible book value per share2 of

ratio3 of 15.0%; Advanced ratio3 of 15.3%

n Firm supplementary leverage ratio of 6.1%

approximately
n $55 billion of credit for consumers
n $10 billion of credit for U.S. small businesses
n $575 billion of credit and capital for corporations and non-U.S.

n $15 billion of credit and capital for nonprofit and U.S. government
entities, including states, municipalities, hospitals and universities

Investor Contact: Mikael Grubb (212) 270-2479
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding.
1 Percentage comparisons noted in the bullet points are for the first quarter of 2024 versus the prior-year first quarter, unless otherwise specified.  
2 For notes on non-GAAP financial measures, including managed basis reporting, see page 6.        
For additional notes see page 7.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

In the discussion below of Firmwide results of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”), information is 
presented on a managed basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, unless otherwise specified. The discussion below of the 
Firm’s business segments is also presented on a managed basis. For more information about managed basis and non-GAAP 
financial measures used by management to evaluate the performance of each line of business, refer to page 6.

Comparisons noted in the sections below are for the first quarter of 2024 versus the prior-year first quarter, unless otherwise 
specified.

Net income was $13.4 billion, up 6%, or up 1% excluding First Republic.

Net revenue was $42.5 billion, up 8%, or up 4% excluding First Republic. Net interest income (“NII”) was $23.2 billion, up 
11%,  or  up  5%  excluding  First  Republic.  NII  excluding  Markets2  was  $23.0  billion,  up  10%,  or  up  4%  excluding  First 
Republic, driven by the impact of balance sheet mix and higher rates, as well as higher revolving balances in Card Services, 
largely offset by deposit margin compression and lower deposit balances in CCB. Noninterest revenue was $19.3 billion, up 
5%,  or  up  3%  excluding  First  Republic.  The  current  quarter  reflected  higher  asset  management  fees  and  higher  Investment 
Banking  fees,  predominantly  offset  by  lower  CIB  Markets  noninterest  revenue.  The  prior-year  quarter  reflected  higher  net 
investment securities losses in Corporate, largely offset by net investment valuation gains in AWM.

Noninterest expense was $22.8 billion, up 13%, or up 9% excluding First Republic, driven by higher compensation, including 
an increase in employees, and a $725 million increase to the FDIC special assessment to reflect the FDIC’s revised estimated 
losses.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Banking & Wealth Management net revenue was $10.3 billion, up 3%, or down 4% excluding First Republic, driven by lower net 
interest  income,  partially  offset  by  higher  asset  management  fees.  The  decline  in  net  interest  income  was  primarily  driven  by 
lower  deposit  balances  and  deposit  margin  compression.  Home  Lending  net  revenue  was  $1.2  billion,  up  65%,  or  up  10% 
excluding  First  Republic,  predominantly  driven  by  higher  net  interest  income  and  higher  production  revenue.  Card  Services  & 
Auto  net  revenue  was  $6.1  billion,  up  8%,  driven  by  higher  Card  Services  net  interest  income  on  higher  revolving  balances, 
partially offset by higher amortization related to new account origination costs in Card Services and lower auto operating lease 
income.

Noninterest  expense  was  $9.3  billion,  up  15%,  or  up  9%  excluding  First  Republic,  largely  driven  by  higher  compensation, 
primarily for bankers and advisors as well as technology, in addition to continued investments in marketing.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $4.8 billion, up 8%. Net revenue was $13.6 billion, flat to the prior year.

Banking  revenue  was  $4.5  billion,  up  6%.  Investment  Banking  revenue  was  $2.0  billion,  up  27%.  Investment  Banking  fees 
were up 21%, driven by higher debt and equity underwriting fees, partially offset by lower advisory fees. Payments revenue 
was $2.4 billion, down 1%, driven by deposit margin compression and higher deposit-related client credits, largely offset by fee 
growth and higher deposit balances. Lending revenue was $130 million, down 51%, predominantly driven by mark-to-market 
losses on hedges of the retained lending portfolio.

Markets & Securities Services revenue was $9.2 billion, down 2%. Markets revenue was $8.0 billion, down 5%. Fixed Income 
Markets revenue was $5.3 billion, down 7%, driven by lower activity in Rates and Commodities compared with a strong prior 
year, partially offset by higher revenue in Securitized Products. Equity Markets revenue was $2.7 billion, flat to the prior year. 
Securities Services revenue was $1.2 billion, up 3%.

Noninterest expense was $7.2 billion, down 4%, predominantly driven by lower legal expense.

Net income was $1.9 billion, up 39%, or up 21% excluding First Republic.

Net  revenue  was  $4.0  billion,  up  13%,  or  up  3%  excluding  First  Republic,  driven  by  higher  noninterest  revenue  due  to 
payments  fee  growth,  partially  offset  by  higher  deposit-related  client  credits.  Net  interest  income  was  flat  excluding  First 
Republic,  reflecting  lower  deposit  balances  and  deposit  margin  compression,  predominantly  offset  by  the  impact  of  higher 
rates.

Noninterest  expense  was  $1.5  billion,  up  15%,  or  up  13%  excluding  First  Republic,  predominantly  driven  by  higher 
compensation, reflecting an increase in employees including front office and technology investments, as well as higher volume-
related expense.

The provision for credit losses was a net benefit of $31 million, reflecting a net reserve release of $98 million and net charge-
offs of $67 million. The net release included a reserve build associated with net downgrade activity, primarily in Real Estate, 
which was more than offset by updates to certain macroeconomic variables and the impact of net lending activity. The prior-
year provision was $417 million, reflecting a net reserve build.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $1.3 billion, down 6%, or down 26% excluding First Republic.

Net  revenue  was  $5.1  billion,  up  7%,  or  down  1%  excluding  First  Republic,  reflecting  net  investment  valuation  gains  in  the 
prior  year,  primarily  a  gain  of  $339  million  associated  with  closing  the  J.P.  Morgan  Asset  Management  China  acquisition. 
Excluding these gains and First Republic, net revenue was up 5%, driven by higher management fees on strong net inflows and 
higher average market levels, partially offset by lower net interest income due to deposit margin compression.

Noninterest  expense  was  $3.5  billion,  up  12%,  or  up  11%  excluding  First  Republic,  largely  driven  by  higher  compensation, 
including revenue-related compensation, continued growth in private banking advisor teams and the impact of the J.P. Morgan 
Asset Management China acquisition, as well as higher distribution fees.

The provision for credit losses was a net benefit of $57 million, reflecting a net reserve release. The prior-year provision was 
$28 million.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

a. The  Firm  prepares  its  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  accordance  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in 
the  U.S.  (“U.S.  GAAP”).  That  presentation,  which  is  referred  to  as  “reported”  basis,  provides  the  reader  with  an 
understanding  of  the  Firm’s  results  that  can  be  tracked  consistently  from  year-to-year  and  enables  a  comparison  of  the 
Firm’s  performance  with  the  U.S.  GAAP  financial  statements  of  other  companies.  In  addition  to  analyzing  the  Firm’s 
results  on  a  reported  basis,  management  reviews  Firmwide  results,  including  the  overhead  ratio,  on  a  “managed”  basis; 
these Firmwide managed basis results are non-GAAP financial measures. The Firm also reviews the results of the lines of 
business on a managed basis. The Firm’s definition of managed basis starts, in each case, with the reported U.S. GAAP 
results and includes certain reclassifications to present total net revenue for the Firm and each of the reportable business 
segments  on  a  fully  taxable-equivalent  basis.  Accordingly,  revenue  from  investments  that  receive  tax  credits  and  tax-
exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities. These 
financial measures allow management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-to-year arising from both taxable 
and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax 
expense. These adjustments have no impact on net income as reported by the Firm as a whole or by the lines of business. 
For  a  reconciliation  of  the  Firm’s  results  from  a  reported  to  managed  basis,  refer  to  page  7  of  the  Earnings  Release 
Financial Supplement.

b. Tangible  common  equity  (“TCE”),  return  on  tangible  common  equity  (“ROTCE”)  and  tangible  book  value  per  share 
(“TBVPS”)  are  each  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  TCE  represents  the  Firm’s  common  stockholders’  equity  (i.e.,  total 
stockholders’  equity  less  preferred  stock)  less  goodwill  and  identifiable  intangible  assets  (other  than  mortgage  servicing 
rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities. For a reconciliation from common stockholders’ equity to TCE, refer to page 
10 of the Earnings Release Financial Supplement. ROTCE measures the Firm’s net income applicable to common equity as 
a percentage of average TCE. TBVPS represents the Firm’s TCE at period-end divided by common shares at period-end. 
Book  value  per  share  was  $106.81,  $104.45  and  $94.34  at  March  31,  2024,  December  31,  2023,  and  March  31,  2023, 
respectively. TCE, ROTCE, and TBVPS are utilized by the Firm, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Firm’s 
use of equity.

In addition to reviewing net interest income (“NII”) and noninterest revenue (“NIR”) on a managed basis, management also 
reviews these metrics excluding Markets, which is composed of CIB’s Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. Markets 
revenue  consists  of  principal  transactions,  fees,  commissions  and  other  income,  as  well  as  net  interest  income.  These 
metrics,  which  exclude  Markets,  are  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  Management  reviews  these  metrics  to  assess  the 
performance  of  the  Firm’s  lending,  investing  (including  asset-liability  management)  and  deposit-raising  activities,  apart 
from  any  volatility  associated  with  Markets  activities.  In  addition,  management  also  assesses  Markets  business 
performance on a total revenue basis as offsets may occur across revenue lines. For example, securities that generate net 
interest  income  may  be  risk-managed  by  derivatives  that  are  reflected  at  fair  value  in  principal  transactions  revenue. 
Management  believes  these  measures  provide  investors  and  analysts  with  alternative  measures  to  analyze  the  revenue 
trends  of  the  Firm.  For  a  reconciliation  of  NII  and  NIR  from  reported  to  excluding  Markets,  refer  to  page  29  of  the 
Earnings  Release  Financial  Supplement.  For  additional  information  on  Markets  revenue,  refer  to  page  75  of  the  Firm’s 
2023 Form 10-K.

d. First-quarter 2024 net income and earnings per share excluding the $725 million increase to the estimated FDIC special 
assessment  are  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  Excluding  this  item  resulted  in  an  increase  of  $550  million  (after  tax)  to 
reported net income from $13.4 billion to $14.0 billion and an increase of $0.19 per share to reported EPS from $4.44 to 
$4.63. Management believes these measures provide useful information to investors and analysts in assessing the Firm’s 
results.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

3. Estimated.  Reflects  the  Current  Expected  Credit  Losses  (“CECL”)  capital  transition  provisions.  As  of  March  31,  2024, 
CET1 capital and Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity reflected the final remaining $720 million CECL benefit. Refer to Note 
27 of the Firm’s 2023 Form 10-K for additional information.

4. Estimated. Cash and marketable securities includes end-of-period eligible high-quality liquid assets (“HQLA”), excluding 
regulatory prescribed haircuts under the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) rule where applicable, for both the Firm and the 
excess  HQLA-eligible  securities  included  as  part  of  the  excess  liquidity  at  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  which  are  not 
transferable  to  non-bank  affiliates  and  thus  excluded  from  the  Firm’s  LCR.  Also  includes  other  end-of-period 
unencumbered  marketable  securities,  such  as  equity  and  debt  securities.  Does  not  include  borrowing  capacity  at  Federal 
Home Loan Banks and the discount window at the Federal Reserve Bank. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 
102-109 of the Firm’s 2023 Form 10-K for additional information.

5. Refers to the FDIC special assessment to recover estimated losses to the Deposit Insurance Fund of $725 million for the 
three months ended March 31, 2024, which reflects an adjustment to the $2.9 billion estimate recorded in the three months 
ended December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 6 on page 220 of the Firm’s 2023 Form 10-K for additional information.

6. On May 1, 2023, JPMorgan Chase acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of First Republic Bank (the “First 
Republic  acquisition")  from  the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  (“FDIC”).  All  references  in  this  press  release  to 
“excluding First Republic” or “attributable to First Republic” refer to excluding or including the relevant effects of the First 
Republic acquisition, as well as subsequent related business and activities, as applicable.

7. Excludes Commercial Card.

8. Users of all mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days. As of March 31, 2024, excludes First Republic.

Includes gross revenues earned by the Firm that are subject to a revenue sharing arrangement between CB and the CIB for 
Investment Banking and Markets products sold to CB clients. This includes revenues related to fixed income and equity 
markets products. Refer to page 65 of the Firm’s 2023 Form 10-K for a discussion of revenue sharing.

10. Assets under management (“AUM”).

11. Earnings per share (“EPS”).

12. Includes the net impact of employee issuances. Excludes excise tax and commissions.

13. Last twelve months (“LTM”).

14. Credit provided to clients represents new and renewed credit, including loans and lending-related commitments, as well as 
unused amounts of advised uncommitted lines of credit where the Firm has discretion on whether or not to make a loan 
under these lines. Credit and capital for corporations and non-U.S. government entities includes Individuals and Individual 
Entities primarily consisting of Global Private Bank clients within AWM.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America (“U.S.”), with 
operations  worldwide.  JPMorgan  Chase  had  $4.1  trillion  in  assets  and  $337  billion  in  stockholders’  equity  as  of  March  31, 
2024. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, 
financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of 
customers predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients 
globally. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.

JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.  will  host  a  conference  call  today,  April  12,  2024,  at  8:30  a.m.  (EDT)  to  present  first-quarter  2024 
financial results. The general public can access the call by dialing (888) 324-3618 in the U.S. and Canada, or (312) 470-7119 
for international callers; use passcode 1364784#. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the start of the call. The live audio webcast 
and presentation slides will be available on the Firm’s website, www.jpmorganchase.com, under Investor Relations, Events & 
Presentations.

A replay of the conference call will be available beginning at approximately 11:00 a.m. (EDT) on April 12, 2024 through 11:59 
p.m.  (EDT)  on  April  26,  2024  by  telephone  at  (800)  839-1117  (U.S.  and  Canada)  or  (203)  369-3355  (international);  use 
passcode 67370#. The replay will also be available via webcast on www.jpmorganchase.com under Investor Relations, Events 
& Presentations. Additional detailed financial, statistical and business-related information is included in a financial supplement. 
The earnings release and the financial supplement are available at www.jpmorganchase.com.

This earnings release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
1995. These statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s management and are 
subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
Factors  that  could  cause  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.’s  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  those  described  in  the  forward-
looking statements can be found in JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
2023, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is available on JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s website 
(https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-web.com/financial-information/sec-filings),  and  on  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission’s 
website (www.sec.gov). JPMorgan Chase & Co. does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.
</JPMC RESULT>

<JPMC RESULT>
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179-0001
NYSE symbol: JPM
www.jpmorganchase.com 
JPMORGAN CHASE REPORTS SECOND-QUARTER 2024 NET INCOME OF $18.1 BILLION ($6.12 PER SHARE),
NET INCOME EXCLUDING SIGNIFICANT ITEMS OF $13.1 BILLION ($4.40 PER SHARE)

ROE 23%
ROTCE2 28% 
 ROTCE ex. significant items2 20%

Std. RWA3 $1.7T
Cash and marketable securities4 $1.5T
Average loans $1.3T

n Reported revenue of $50.2 billion and managed

n Expense of $23.7 billion, including a $1.0 billion

n Average loans up 10% YoY including First Republic,
flat QoQ; Card Services net charge-off rate of 3.50%

Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO, commented: “The Firm performed well in 
the second quarter, generating net income of $13.1 billion and a ROTCE of 
20% after excluding a net gain on our Visa shares, a contribution to the 
Firm’s Foundation and discretionary securities losses.”

Dimon added: “This quarter, in the CIB, investment banking fees rose 50%, 
albeit against a low base, and our market share improved across products to 
9.5% YTD. Markets revenue also increased 10%. In CCB, we opened over 
450 thousand net new checking accounts, our 50th consecutive quarter of net 
new account growth. Client investment assets were up 14% to $1.0 trillion, 
and we also had a record number of first-time investors. Additionally, Card 
loans were up 12% on continued robust customer acquisition of 2.4 million. 
Finally, in AWM, asset management fees were up 13%, and we saw $79 
billion of client asset net inflows. Pretax margin remained strong at 32%.”

Dimon continued: “While market valuations and credit spreads seem to 
reflect a rather benign economic outlook, we continue to be vigilant about 
potential tail risks. These tail risks are the same ones that we have mentioned 
before. The geopolitical situation remains complex and potentially the most 
dangerous since World War II — though its outcome and effect on the global 
economy remain unknown. Next, there has been some progress bringing 
inflation down, but there are still multiple inflationary forces in front of us: 
large fiscal deficits, infrastructure needs, restructuring of trade and 
remilitarization of the world. Therefore, inflation and interest rates may stay 
higher than the market expects. And finally, we still do not know the full 
effects of quantitative tightening on this scale.”

Dimon added: “We now have a CET1 capital ratio of 15.3%, providing us 
with excess capital even after the uncertainty created by Basel III endgame. 
Last month, we announced that the Board intends to increase our common 
dividend for the second time this year, resulting in a 19% cumulative increase 
compared with the fourth quarter of 2023. This increase is supported by our 
strong financial performance and represents a sustainable level of dividends. 
Our priorities remain unchanged. We continue to invest heavily into our 
businesses for long-term growth and profitability. We maintain a fortress 
balance sheet and prepare the Firm for a wide range of potential 
environments.”

Dimon concluded: “Finally, we take pride in driving economic growth by 
extending credit and raising capital totaling more than $1.4 trillion YTD for 
large and small businesses, governments and U.S. consumers.”

SIGNIFICANT ITEMS IN CORPORATE IN 2Q24 RESULTS
n $7.9 billion net gain related to Visa shares ($2.04 increase in EPS10)
n $1.0 billion donation of Visa shares to pre-fund contributions to the Firm’s

Foundation ($0.18 decrease in EPS)

n $546 million of net investment securities losses ($0.14 decrease in EPS)

n Common dividend of $3.3 billion or $1.15 per share
n $4.9 billion of common stock net repurchases11
n Net payout LTM11,12 of 45%
FORTRESS PRINCIPLES
n Book value per share of $111.29, up 13%; tangible book value per share2 of

ratio3 of 15.3%; Advanced ratio3 of 15.5%
n Firm supplementary leverage ratio of 6.1%

SUPPORTED CONSUMERS, BUSINESSES & COMMUNITIES
n More than $1.4 trillion of credit and capital13 raised YTD, reflecting

n $120 billion of credit for consumers
n $20 billion of credit for U.S. small businesses
n $1.3 trillion of credit and capital for corporations and non-U.S.

n $30 billion of credit and capital for nonprofit and U.S. government
entities, including states, municipalities, hospitals and universities

Investor Contact: Mikael Grubb (212) 270-2479
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding.
1 Percentage comparisons noted in the bullet points are for the second quarter of 2024 versus the prior-year second quarter, unless otherwise specified.  
2 For notes on non-GAAP financial measures, including managed basis reporting, see page 6.        
For additional notes see page 7.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

In the discussion below of Firmwide results of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”), information is 
presented on a managed basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, unless otherwise specified. The discussion below of the 
Firm’s business segments is also presented on a managed basis. For more information about managed basis and non-GAAP 
financial measures used by management to evaluate the performance of each line of business, refer to page 6.

Comparisons  noted  in  the  sections  below  are  for  the  second  quarter  of  2024  versus  the  prior-year  second  quarter,  unless 
otherwise specified.

Net  revenue  was  $51.0  billion,  up  20%.  Net  interest  income  (“NII”)  was  $22.9  billion,  up  4%.  NII  excluding  Markets2  was 
$22.9 billion, up 3%, driven by the impact of balance sheet mix and higher rates, higher revolving balances in Card Services 
and one additional month of First Republic-related net interest income, largely offset by deposit margin compression across the 
LOBs and lower deposit balances in CCB. Noninterest revenue was $28.1 billion, up 37%. Excluding the $7.9 billion net gain 
related to Visa shares, as well as the estimated bargain purchase gain associated with First Republic of $2.7 billion in the prior-
year quarter, noninterest revenue was up 14%, predominantly driven by higher investment banking fees, asset management fees 
and CIB Markets noninterest revenue. The current and prior-year quarters included net investment securities losses.

Noninterest expense was $23.7 billion, up 14%. Excluding the $1.0 billion donation of Visa shares to pre-fund contributions to 
the Firm’s Foundation in Corporate, noninterest expense was up 9%, predominantly driven by higher compensation, including 
higher revenue-related compensation and growth in employees.

The  First  Republic  acquisition14  closed  on  May  1,  2023,  therefore,  the  current  period  included  approximately  one  additional 
month of results associated with First Republic compared with the prior-year period. Additionally, certain noninterest expense 
and deposits associated with First Republic were allocated among segments commencing in the third quarter of 2023, resulting 
in increases or decreases to the YoY change in certain line items. The prior-year quarter also included the estimated bargain 
purchase gain of $2.7 billion in Corporate as well as the $1.2 billion credit reserve established for the First Republic portfolio 
across the LOBs.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $4.2 billion, down 21%. Net revenue was $17.7 billion, up 3%.

Banking & Wealth Management net revenue was $10.4 billion, down 5%, driven by lower net interest income on lower deposit 
balances and deposit margin compression, partially offset by higher asset management fees in J.P. Morgan Wealth Management. 
Home Lending net revenue was $1.3 billion, up 31%, predominantly driven by higher net interest income including one additional 
month of First Republic-related net interest income compared with the prior period. Card Services & Auto net revenue was $6.0 
billion,  up  14%,  driven  by  Card  Services,  reflecting  higher  net  interest  income  on  higher  revolving  balances  and  higher  card 
income on higher sales volume.

Noninterest expense was $9.4 billion, up 13%, predominantly driven by the allocation of certain First Republic-related expense 
from  Corporate  to  CCB  starting  in  the  third  quarter  of  2023,  and  higher  compensation,  largely  for  advisors,  bankers  and 
technology employees, as well as continued investments in technology and marketing.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $5.9 billion, up 11%. Net revenue was $17.9 billion, up 9%.

Banking  &  Payments  revenue  was  $9.0  billion,  up  9%.  Investment  Banking  revenue  was  $2.5  billion,  up  46%.  Investment 
Banking fees were up 50%, driven by higher fees across all products. Payments revenue was $4.5 billion, down 4%, driven by 
deposit margin compression and higher deposit-related client credits, largely offset by fee growth. Lending revenue was $1.9 
billion, up 11%, predominantly driven by the impact of the First Republic acquisition, lower losses on hedges of the retained 
lending portfolio and the impact of higher rates.

Noninterest  expense  was  $9.2  billion,  up  12%,  predominantly  driven  by  higher  compensation,  including  revenue-related 
compensation, higher legal expense and higher volume-related non-compensation expense.

The  provision  for  credit  losses  was  $384  million,  reflecting  a  net  reserve  build  of  $220  million  and  net  charge-offs  of  $164 
million,  of  which  approximately  half  was  in  Office.  The  net  reserve  build  was  driven  by  incorporating  the  First  Republic 
portfolio into the Firm’s modeled approach15, as well as net downgrade activity, primarily in Real Estate, largely offset by the 
impact of net lending activity. The prior-year provision was $1.1 billion, reflecting a net reserve build of $979 million and net 
charge-offs of $156 million.

Net income was $1.3 billion, up 3%.

Net  revenue  was  $5.3  billion,  up  6%,  driven  by  growth  in  management  fees  on  higher  average  market  levels  and  strong  net 
inflows, as well as higher brokerage activity, largely offset by deposit margin compression.

Noninterest  expense  was  $3.5  billion,  up  12%,  predominantly  driven  by  higher  compensation,  including  revenue-related 
compensation and continued growth in private banking advisor teams, as well as higher legal expense and distribution fees.

The provision for credit losses was $20 million. The prior-year provision was $145 million.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Noninterest  expense  was  $1.6  billion,  up  $427  million,  driven  by  the  $1.0  billion  donation  of  Visa  shares  to  pre-fund 
contributions to the Firm’s Foundation, largely offset by the allocation of certain First Republic expense from Corporate to the 
LOBs, predominantly CCB, starting in the third quarter of 2023, as well as lower legal expense.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

a. The  Firm  prepares  its  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  accordance  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in 
the  U.S.  (“U.S.  GAAP”).  That  presentation,  which  is  referred  to  as  “reported”  basis,  provides  the  reader  with  an 
understanding  of  the  Firm’s  results  that  can  be  tracked  consistently  from  year-to-year  and  enables  a  comparison  of  the 
Firm’s  performance  with  the  U.S.  GAAP  financial  statements  of  other  companies.  In  addition  to  analyzing  the  Firm’s 
results  on  a  reported  basis,  management  reviews  Firmwide  results,  including  the  overhead  ratio,  on  a  “managed”  basis; 
these Firmwide managed basis results are non-GAAP financial measures. The Firm also reviews the results of the lines of 
business on a managed basis. The Firm’s definition of managed basis starts, in each case, with the reported U.S. GAAP 
results and includes certain reclassifications to present total net revenue for the Firm and each of the reportable business 
segments  on  a  fully  taxable-equivalent  basis.  Accordingly,  revenue  from  investments  that  receive  tax  credits  and  tax-
exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities. These 
financial measures allow management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-to-year arising from both taxable 
and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax 
expense. These adjustments have no impact on net income as reported by the Firm as a whole or by the lines of business. 
For  a  reconciliation  of  the  Firm’s  results  from  a  reported  to  managed  basis,  refer  to  page  7  of  the  Earnings  Release 
Financial Supplement.

b. Tangible  common  equity  (“TCE”),  return  on  tangible  common  equity  (“ROTCE”)  and  tangible  book  value  per  share 
(“TBVPS”)  are  each  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  TCE  represents  the  Firm’s  common  stockholders’  equity  (i.e.,  total 
stockholders’  equity  less  preferred  stock)  less  goodwill  and  identifiable  intangible  assets  (other  than  mortgage  servicing 
rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities. For a reconciliation from common stockholders’ equity to TCE, refer to page 
10 of the Earnings Release Financial Supplement. ROTCE measures the Firm’s net income applicable to common equity as 
a percentage of average TCE. TBVPS represents the Firm’s TCE at period-end divided by common shares at period-end. 
Book value per share was $111.29, $106.81 and $98.11 at June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024, and June 30, 2023, respectively. 
TCE, ROTCE, and TBVPS are utilized by the Firm, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Firm’s use of equity.

In addition to reviewing net interest income (“NII”) and noninterest revenue (“NIR”) on a managed basis, management also 
reviews  these  metrics  excluding  Markets,  which  is  composed  of  Fixed  Income  Markets  and  Equity  Markets.  Markets 
revenue  consists  of  principal  transactions,  fees,  commissions  and  other  income,  as  well  as  net  interest  income.  These 
metrics,  which  exclude  Markets,  are  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  Management  reviews  these  metrics  to  assess  the 
performance  of  the  Firm’s  lending,  investing  (including  asset-liability  management)  and  deposit-raising  activities,  apart 
from  any  volatility  associated  with  Markets  activities.  In  addition,  management  also  assesses  Markets  business 
performance on a total revenue basis as offsets may occur across revenue lines. For example, securities that generate net 
interest  income  may  be  risk-managed  by  derivatives  that  are  reflected  at  fair  value  in  principal  transactions  revenue. 
Management  believes  these  measures  provide  investors  and  analysts  with  alternative  measures  to  analyze  the  revenue 
trends  of  the  Firm.  For  a  reconciliation  of  NII  and  NIR  from  reported  to  excluding  Markets,  refer  to  page  28  of  the 
Earnings  Release  Financial  Supplement.  For  additional  information  on  Markets  revenue,  refer  to  page  75  of  the  Firm’s 
2023 Form 10-K.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

3. Estimated. Reflects the Current Expected Credit Losses (“CECL”) capital transition provisions. As of June 30, 2024, CET1 
capital and Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity reflected the remaining CECL benefit of $720 million. Refer to Note 21 of the 
Firm’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended  March  31,  2024  and  Note  27  of  the  Firm’s  2023 
Form 10-K for additional information.

4. Estimated. Cash and marketable securities includes end-of-period eligible high-quality liquid assets (“HQLA”), excluding 
regulatory prescribed haircuts under the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) rule where applicable, for both the Firm and the 
excess  HQLA-eligible  securities  included  as  part  of  the  excess  liquidity  at  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  which  are  not 
transferable  to  non-bank  affiliates  and  thus  excluded  from  the  Firm’s  LCR.  Also  includes  other  end-of-period 
unencumbered  marketable  securities,  such  as  equity  and  debt  securities.  Does  not  include  borrowing  capacity  at  Federal 
Home Loan Banks and the discount window at the Federal Reserve Bank. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 
44-51 of the Firm’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024 and pages 102-109 of 
the Firm’s 2023 Form 10-K for additional information.

5. On  April  8,  2024,  Visa  Inc.  announced  the  commencement  of  an  exchange  offer  for  Visa  Class  B-1  common  stock.  On 
May  6,  2024,  the  Firm  announced  that  Visa  accepted  the  Firm’s  tender  of  its  37.2  million  shares  of  Visa  Class  B-1 
common stock in exchange for a combination of Visa Class B-2 common stock and Visa Class C common stock. Visa’s 
acceptance resulted in a gain for the Firm relating to the Visa Class C common stock, which is held at fair value. Refer to 
pages  8  and  100  of  the  Firm’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended  March  31,  2024  for  additional 
information.

6. Excludes Commercial Card.

7. Users  of  all  mobile  platforms  who  have  logged  in  within  the  past  90  days.  Excludes  First  Republic  accounts  not  yet

converted to JPMorgan Chase platforms.

8. Effective  in  the  second  quarter  of  2024,  the  Firm  reorganized  its  reportable  business  segments  by  combining  the  former 
Corporate  &  Investment  Bank  and  Commercial  Banking  business  segments  to  form  one  segment,  the  Commercial  & 
Investment Bank ("CIB").

9. Assets under management (“AUM”).

10. Earnings per share (“EPS”).

11. Includes the net impact of employee issuances. Excludes excise tax and commissions.

12. Last twelve months (“LTM”).

13. Credit provided to clients represents new and renewed credit, including loans and lending-related commitments, as well as 
unused amounts of advised uncommitted lines of credit where the Firm has discretion on whether or not to make a loan 
under these lines. Credit and capital for corporations and non-U.S. government entities includes Individuals and Individual 
Entities primarily consisting of Global Private Bank clients within AWM.

14. On May 1, 2023, JPMorgan Chase acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of First Republic Bank (the “First 
Republic  acquisition")  from  the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  (“FDIC”).  All  references  in  this  press  release  to 
“excluding  First  Republic,”  “First  Republic-related,”  “associated  with  First  Republic”  or  “attributable  to  First  Republic” 
refer to excluding or including the relevant effects of the First Republic acquisition, as well as subsequent related business 
and activities, as applicable.

15. As a result of the First Republic acquisition, the Firm recorded an allowance for credit losses for the loans acquired and 
lending-related commitments assumed as of May 1, 2023. Given the differences in risk rating methodologies for the First 
Republic portfolio, and the ongoing integration of products and systems, the allowance for credit losses for the acquired 
wholesale portfolio was measured based on other facilities underwritten by the Firm with similar risk characteristics and 
not based on modeled estimates. As of June 30, 2024, the allowance for credit losses for the acquired wholesale portfolio 
was measured using the Firm’s modeled approach. Refer to the Critical Accounting Estimates on pages 78-80 and Note 26 
of the Firm’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024 for additional information.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America (“U.S.”), with 
operations worldwide. JPMorgan Chase had $4.1 trillion in assets and $341 billion in stockholders’ equity as of June 30, 2024. 
The  Firm  is  a  leader  in  investment  banking,  financial  services  for  consumers  and  small  businesses,  commercial  banking, 
financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of 
customers predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients 
globally. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. will host a conference call today, July 12, 2024, at 8:30 a.m. (EDT) to present second-quarter 2024 
financial results. The general public can access the call by dialing (888) 324-3618 in the U.S. and Canada, or (312) 470-7119 
for international callers; use passcode 1364784#. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the start of the call. The live audio webcast 
and presentation slides will be available on the Firm’s website, www.jpmorganchase.com, under Investor Relations, Events & 
Presentations.

A replay of the conference call will be available beginning at approximately 11:00 a.m. (EDT) on July 12, 2024 through 11:59 
p.m. (EDT) on July 26, 2024 by telephone at (800) 813-5534 (U.S. and Canada) or (203) 369-3348 (international); use passcode 
67370#.  The  replay  will  also  be  available  via  webcast  on  www.jpmorganchase.com  under  Investor  Relations,  Events  & 
Presentations. Additional detailed financial, statistical and business-related information is included in a financial supplement. 
The earnings release and the financial supplement are available at www.jpmorganchase.com.

This earnings release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
1995. These statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s management and are 
subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
Factors  that  could  cause  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.’s  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  those  described  in  the  forward-
looking statements can be found in JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
2023  and  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended  March  31,  2024,  which  have  been  filed  with  the 
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  are  available  on  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.’s  website  (https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-
web.com/financial-information/sec-filings),  and  on  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission’s  website  (www.sec.gov). 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.
</JPMC RESULT>

<JPMC RESULT>
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179-0001
NYSE symbol: JPM
www.jpmorganchase.com

JPMORGAN CHASE REPORTS THIRD-QUARTER 2024 NET INCOME OF $12.9 BILLION ($4.37 PER SHARE)

Std. RWA3 $1.8T
Cash and marketable securities4 $1.5T
Average loans $1.3T

n Reported revenue of $42.7 billion and managed

revenue of $43.3 billion2

n Expense of $22.6 billion; reported overhead ratio of

n Credit costs of $3.1 billion included $2.1 billion of net

charge-offs and a $1.0 billion net reserve build

net charge-off rate of 3.24%

QoQ; #1 ranking for Global Investment Banking fees
with 9.1% wallet share YTD

n Common dividend of $3.6 billion or $1.25 per share
n $6.0 billion of common stock net repurchases12
n Net payout LTM12,13 of 54%
FORTRESS PRINCIPLES
n Book value per share of $115.15, up 15%; tangible book value per share2 of

ratio3 of 15.3%; Advanced ratio3 of 15.5%
n Firm supplementary leverage ratio of 6.0%

Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO, commented: “The Firm reported strong 
underlying business and financial results in the third quarter, generating net 
income of $12.9 billion and an ROTCE of 19%. In the CIB, investment 
banking fees grew 31%, while Markets revenue was resilient, rising 8%. 
Payments fees grew by double-digits as investments are fueling organic 
growth. In CCB, we ranked #1 in U.S. retail deposits for the fourth 
consecutive year. Card loans increased 11%, and we saw robust acquisition 
of 2.5 million accounts. Finally, in AWM, asset management fees rose 15%, 
and long-term net inflows were a record $72 billion.”

Dimon added: “We await our regulators’ new rules on the Basel III endgame 
and the G-SIB surcharge as well as any adjustments to the SCB or CCAR. We 
believe rules can be written that promote a strong financial system without 
causing undue consequences for the economy, and now is an excellent time to 
step back and review the extensive set of existing rules – which were put in 
place for a good reason – to understand their impact on economic growth, the 
viability of both public and private markets, and secondary market liquidity. 
Regardless of the outcome of these rules, we have an extraordinarily strong 
balance sheet, evidenced by total loss-absorbing capacity of $544 billion plus 
cash and marketable securities of $1.5 trillion, while our riskiest assets, 
loans, total $1.3 trillion. On share repurchases, given that market levels are 
at least slightly inflated, we maintain our modest pace of buybacks, although 
we reserve the right to adjust this at any time.”

Dimon added: “We have been closely monitoring the geopolitical situation 
for some time, and recent events show that conditions are treacherous and 
getting worse. There is significant human suffering, and the outcome of these 
situations could have far-reaching effects on both short-term economic 
outcomes and more importantly on the course of history. Additionally, while 
inflation is slowing and the U.S. economy remains resilient, several critical 
issues remain, including large fiscal deficits, infrastructure needs, 
restructuring of trade and remilitarization of the world. While we hope for the 
best, these events and the prevailing uncertainty demonstrate why we must be 
prepared for any environment.”

Dimon concluded: “I get to travel around the country and the globe for our 
Firm. It gives me immense pride to see our employees tirelessly serve their 
clients and communities, which include over 82 million U.S. consumers and 6 
million small businesses, 40 thousand large and medium-sized businesses – 
who we bank wherever they do business – and thousands of institutional 
clients, as well as veterans, schools, cities, states and countries around the 
world. I know you join me in extending gratitude to our employees.”

n $185 billion of credit for consumers
n $30 billion of credit for U.S. small businesses
n $1.9 trillion of credit and capital for corporations and non-U.S.

n $50 billion of credit and capital for nonprofit and U.S. government
entities, including states, municipalities, hospitals and universities

Investor Contact: Mikael Grubb (212) 270-2479
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
1 Percentage comparisons noted in the bullet points are for the third quarter of 2024 versus the prior-year third quarter, unless otherwise specified.  
2 For notes on non-GAAP financial measures, including managed basis reporting, see page 6.        
For additional notes, see page 7.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

In the discussion below of Firmwide results of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”), information is 
presented on a managed basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, unless otherwise specified. The discussion below of the 
Firm’s business segments is also presented on a managed basis. For more information about managed basis and non-GAAP 
financial measures used by management to evaluate the performance of each line of business, refer to page 6.

Comparisons noted in the sections below are for the third quarter of 2024 versus the prior-year third quarter, unless otherwise 
specified.

Net income was $12.9 billion, down 2%.

Net revenue was $43.3 billion, up 6%. Net interest income was $23.5 billion, up 3%. Noninterest revenue was $19.8 billion, up 
11%.  Net  interest  income  excluding  Markets2  was  $23.4  billion,  up  1%,  driven  by  the  impact  of  balance  sheet  mix  and 
securities reinvestment, higher revolving balances in Card Services and higher wholesale deposit balances, predominantly offset 
by lower deposit balances in CCB and deposit margin compression across the lines of business. Noninterest revenue excluding 
Markets2 was $12.7 billion, up 17%, driven by lower net investment securities losses compared to the prior year, higher asset 
management fees in AWM and CCB and higher investment banking fees. Markets revenue was $7.2 billion, up 8%.

Noninterest expense was $22.6 billion, up 4%, driven by higher compensation, including higher revenue-related compensation 
and growth in employees, partially offset by lower legal expense.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $4.0 billion, down 31%.

Net revenue was $17.8 billion, down 3%. Banking & Wealth Management net revenue was $10.1 billion, down 11%, driven by 
lower net interest income on deposit margin compression and lower deposit balances, partially offset by higher asset management 
fees  in  J.P.  Morgan  Wealth  Management.  Home  Lending  net  revenue  was  $1.3  billion,  up  3%,  driven  by  higher  net  interest 
income, partially offset by lower servicing and production revenue. Card Services & Auto net revenue was $6.4 billion, up 11%, 
driven by Card Services, reflecting higher net interest income on higher revolving balances.

Noninterest expense was $9.6 billion, up 5%, predominantly driven by higher compensation, primarily for advisors, bankers and 
technology employees, as well as continued investments in marketing.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $5.7 billion, up 13%.

Net revenue was $17.0 billion, up 8%. Banking & Payments revenue was $8.6 billion, up 8%. Investment Banking revenue was 
$2.4 billion, up 29%. Investment Banking fees were up 31%, driven by higher fees across all products. Payments revenue was 
$4.4 billion, up 4%, driven by fee growth and higher deposit balances, largely offset by deposit margin compression and higher 
deposit-related client credits. Lending revenue was $1.9 billion, down 2%.

Markets  &  Securities  Services  revenue  was  $8.4  billion,  up  8%.  Markets  revenue  was  $7.2  billion,  up  8%.  Fixed  Income 
Markets revenue was $4.5 billion, flat to the prior year, including outperformance in Currencies & Emerging Markets and lower 
revenue  in  Rates.  Equity  Markets  revenue  was  $2.6  billion,  up  27%,  reflecting  strong  performance  across  regions,  largely 
driven by a supportive trading environment in the U.S. and increased late-quarter activity in Asia. Securities Services revenue 
was $1.3 billion, up 9%, largely driven by fee growth on higher market levels and volumes.

Noninterest  expense  was  $8.8  billion,  down  1%,  driven  by  lower  legal  expense,  offset  by  higher  compensation,  including 
revenue-related compensation and growth in employees, as well as higher technology expense.

Net income was $1.4 billion, down 5%.

Net  revenue  was  $5.4  billion,  up  9%,  driven  by  growth  in  management  fees  on  higher  average  market  levels  and  strong  net 
inflows,  investment  valuation  gains  compared  to  losses  in  the  prior  year  and  higher  brokerage  activity,  partially  offset  by 
deposit margin compression.

Noninterest  expense  was  $3.6  billion,  up  16%,  predominantly  driven  by  higher  compensation,  including  revenue-related 
compensation and continued growth in private banking advisor teams, as well as higher legal expense and distribution fees.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $1.8 billion, up $998 million.

Net revenue was $3.1 billion, up $1.5 billion. Net interest income was $2.9 billion, up $932 million, predominantly driven by 
the impact of balance sheet mix and securities reinvestment. Noninterest revenue was $155 million, compared with a net loss of 
$425 million in the prior year, predominantly driven by lower net investment securities losses.

Noninterest expense was $589 million, down $107 million.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

a. The  Firm  prepares  its  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  accordance  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in 
the  U.S.  (“U.S.  GAAP”).  That  presentation,  which  is  referred  to  as  “reported”  basis,  provides  the  reader  with  an 
understanding  of  the  Firm’s  results  that  can  be  tracked  consistently  from  year-to-year  and  enables  a  comparison  of  the 
Firm’s  performance  with  the  U.S.  GAAP  financial  statements  of  other  companies.  In  addition  to  analyzing  the  Firm’s 
results  on  a  reported  basis,  management  reviews  Firmwide  results,  including  the  overhead  ratio,  on  a  “managed”  basis; 
these Firmwide managed basis results are non-GAAP financial measures. The Firm also reviews the results of the lines of 
business on a managed basis. The Firm’s definition of managed basis starts, in each case, with the reported U.S. GAAP 
results and includes certain reclassifications to present total net revenue for the Firm and each of the reportable business 
segments  on  a  fully  taxable-equivalent  basis.  Accordingly,  revenue  from  investments  that  receive  tax  credits  and  tax-
exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments and securities. These 
financial measures allow management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-to-year arising from both taxable 
and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt items is recorded within income tax 
expense. These adjustments have no impact on net income as reported by the Firm as a whole or by the lines of business. 
For  a  reconciliation  of  the  Firm’s  results  from  a  reported  to  managed  basis,  refer  to  page  7  of  the  Earnings  Release 
Financial Supplement.

b. Tangible  common  equity  (“TCE”),  return  on  tangible  common  equity  (“ROTCE”)  and  tangible  book  value  per  share 
(“TBVPS”)  are  each  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  TCE  represents  the  Firm’s  common  stockholders’  equity  (i.e.,  total 
stockholders’  equity  less  preferred  stock)  less  goodwill  and  identifiable  intangible  assets  (other  than  mortgage  servicing 
rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities. For a reconciliation from common stockholders’ equity to TCE, refer to page 
10 of the Earnings Release Financial Supplement. ROTCE measures the Firm’s net income applicable to common equity as 
a percentage of average TCE. TBVPS represents the Firm’s TCE at period-end divided by common shares at period-end. 
Book value per share was $115.15, $111.29 and $100.30 at September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, 
respectively. TCE, ROTCE, and TBVPS are utilized by the Firm, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Firm’s 
use of equity.

In addition to reviewing net interest income (“NII”) and noninterest revenue (“NIR”) on a managed basis, management also 
reviews  these  metrics  excluding  Markets,  which  is  composed  of  Fixed  Income  Markets  and  Equity  Markets.  Markets 
revenue  consists  of  principal  transactions,  fees,  commissions  and  other  income,  as  well  as  net  interest  income.  These 
metrics,  which  exclude  Markets,  are  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  Management  reviews  these  metrics  to  assess  the 
performance  of  the  Firm’s  lending,  investing  (including  asset-liability  management)  and  deposit-raising  activities,  apart 
from  any  volatility  associated  with  Markets  activities.  In  addition,  management  also  assesses  Markets  business 
performance on a total revenue basis as offsets may occur across revenue lines. For example, securities that generate net 
interest  income  may  be  risk-managed  by  derivatives  that  are  reflected  at  fair  value  in  principal  transactions  revenue. 
Management  believes  these  measures  provide  investors  and  analysts  with  alternative  measures  to  analyze  the  revenue 
trends  of  the  Firm.  For  a  reconciliation  of  NII  and  NIR  from  reported  to  excluding  Markets,  refer  to  page  28  of  the 
Earnings  Release  Financial  Supplement.  For  additional  information  on  Markets  revenue,  refer  to  page  75  of  the  Firm’s 
2023 Form 10-K.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

3. Estimated. Reflects the Current Expected Credit Losses (“CECL”) capital transition provisions. As of September 30, 2024, 
CET1 capital and Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity reflected the remaining $720 million CECL benefit. Refer to Note 21 of 
the Firm’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024 and Note 27 of the Firm’s 2023 
Form 10-K for additional information.

4. Estimated. Cash and marketable securities includes end-of-period eligible high-quality liquid assets (“HQLA”), excluding 
regulatory prescribed haircuts under the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) rule where applicable, for both the Firm and the 
excess  HQLA-eligible  securities  included  as  part  of  the  excess  liquidity  at  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  which  are  not 
transferable  to  non-bank  affiliates  and  thus  excluded  from  the  Firm’s  LCR.  Also  includes  other  end-of-period 
unencumbered  marketable  securities,  such  as  equity  and  debt  securities.  Does  not  include  borrowing  capacity  at  Federal 
Home Loan Banks and the discount window at the Federal Reserve Bank. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 
51-58 of the Firm’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024 and pages 102-109 of the 
Firm’s 2023 Form 10-K for additional information.

5. U.S.  retail  deposit  market  share  is  based  on  the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  (FDIC)  Summary  of  Deposits 
survey  per  S&P  Global  Market  Intelligence,  which  applies  a  $1  billion  deposit  cap  to  Chase  and  industry  branches  for 
market share. Includes all commercial banks, savings banks and savings institutions as defined by the FDIC.

6. Excludes Commercial Card.

7. Users of all mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days.

8. Effective  in  the  second  quarter  of  2024,  the  Firm  reorganized  its  reportable  business  segments  by  combining  the  former 
Corporate  &  Investment  Bank  and  Commercial  Banking  business  segments  to  form  one  segment,  the  Commercial  & 
Investment Bank ("CIB").

businesses.

10. Assets under management (“AUM”).

11. In the fourth quarter of 2023, CCB transferred certain deposits associated with First Republic to AWM and CIB.

12. Includes the net impact of employee issuances. Excludes excise tax and commissions.

13. Last twelve months (“LTM”).

14. Credit provided to clients represents new and renewed credit, including loans and lending-related commitments, as well as 
unused amounts of advised uncommitted lines of credit where the Firm has discretion on whether or not to make a loan 
under these lines. Credit and capital for corporations and non-U.S. government entities includes Individuals and Individual 
Entities primarily consisting of Global Private Bank clients within AWM.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America (“U.S.”), with 
operations worldwide. JPMorgan Chase had $4.2 trillion in assets and $346 billion in stockholders’ equity as of September 30, 
2024. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, 
financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of 
customers predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients 
globally. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. will host a conference call today, October 11, 2024, at 8:30 a.m. (EDT) to present third-quarter 2024 
financial results. The general public can access the call by dialing (888) 324-3618 in the U.S. and Canada, or (312) 470-7119 
for international callers; use passcode 1364784#. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the start of the call. The live audio webcast 
and presentation slides will be available on the Firm’s website, www.jpmorganchase.com, under Investor Relations, Events & 
Presentations.

A replay of the conference call will be available beginning at approximately 11:00 a.m. (EDT) on October 11, 2024 through 
11:59 p.m. (EDT) on October 25, 2024 by telephone at (800) 835-8067 (U.S. and Canada) or (203) 369-3354 (international); 
use  passcode  67370#.  The  replay  will  also  be  available  via  webcast  on  www.jpmorganchase.com  under  Investor  Relations, 
Events  &  Presentations.  Additional  detailed  financial,  statistical  and  business-related  information  is  included  in  a  financial 
supplement. The earnings release and the financial supplement are available at www.jpmorganchase.com.

This earnings release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
1995. These statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s management and are 
subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
Factors  that  could  cause  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.’s  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  those  described  in  the  forward-
looking statements can be found in JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
2023  and  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended  June  30,  2024,  which  have  been  filed  with  the 
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  are  available  on  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.’s  website  (https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-
web.com/financial-information/sec-filings),  and  on  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission’s  website  (www.sec.gov). 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.
</JPMC RESULT>

<JPMC RESULT>
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179-0001
NYSE symbol: JPM
www.jpmorganchase.com

Std. RWA3 $1.8T
Cash and marketable securities4 $1.4T 
Average loans $1.3T

n Reported revenue of $42.8 billion and managed

revenue of $43.7 billion2

Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO, commented: “The Firm concluded the 
year with a strong fourth quarter, generating net income of $14.0 billion.”

n Expense of $22.8 billion; reported overhead ratio
of 53% and managed overhead ratio2 of 52%

net charge-off rate of 3.30%

Dimon continued: “Each line of business posted solid results. In the CIB, 
clients were active, with IB fees up 49%, and Markets revenue rose 21%. 
Additionally, Payments fees grew by double digits for the fourth 
consecutive quarter, helping drive Payments revenue to a record $18.1 
billion for the year. In CCB, we continued to acquire new customers 
across Consumer Banking, Business Banking, Card and wealth 
management. For example, nearly 2 million net new checking accounts 
were opened during 2024. Finally, in AWM, management fees rose 21%, 
and revenue hit a record $5.8 billion. More impressively, client asset net 
inflows totaled $486 billion in 2024, bringing cumulative net inflows over 
the past two years to $976 billion.”

Dimon added: “Regarding regulation, we have consistently said that 
regulation should be designed to effectively balance promoting 
economic growth and maintaining a safe and sound banking system. It is 
possible to achieve both goals. This is not about weakening regulation — 
we maintain a fortress balance sheet, evidenced by $547 billion of total 
loss-absorbing capacity and $1.4 trillion of cash and marketable 
securities — but rather about setting rules that are transparent, fair, 
holistic in their approach and based on rigorous data analysis, so that 
banks can play their critical role in the economy and markets.”

Dimon added: “The U.S. economy has been resilient. Unemployment 
remains relatively low, and consumer spending stayed healthy, including 
during the holiday season. Businesses are more optimistic about the 
economy, and they are encouraged by expectations for a more pro-
growth agenda and improved collaboration between government and 
business. However, two significant risks remain. Ongoing and future 
spending requirements will likely be inflationary, and therefore, inflation 
may persist for some time. Additionally, geopolitical conditions remain 
the most dangerous and complicated since World War II. As always, we 
hope for the best but prepare the Firm for a wide range of scenarios.”

Dimon concluded: “I want to thank our exceptional employees across 
the globe. Their passion and dedication are what set us apart and enable 
us to be trusted partners for our clients and communities, which include 
consumers, small and large-sized businesses, schools, cities, states and 
countries.”

CAPITAL DISTRIBUTIONS
n Common dividend of $3.5 billion or $1.25 per share
n $4.0 billion of common stock net repurchases10
n Net payout LTM10,11 of 54%
FORTRESS PRINCIPLES
n Book value per share of $116.07, up 11%; tangible book value per

share2 of $97.30, up 13%

ratio3 of 15.7% and Advanced ratio3 of 15.8%

n Firm supplementary leverage ratio of 6.1%

SUPPORTED CONSUMERS, BUSINESSES & COMMUNITIES
n Approximately $2.8 trillion of credit and capital12 raised in 2024:

n $250 billion of credit for consumers
n $40 billion of credit for U.S. small businesses
n $2.4 trillion of credit and capital for corporations and non-U.S.

n $65 billion of credit and capital for nonprofit and U.S. government
entities, including states, municipalities, hospitals and universities

Investor Contact: Mikael Grubb (212) 270-2479
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
1 Percentage comparisons are for the fourth quarter of 2024 versus the prior-year fourth quarter, unless otherwise specified.  
2 For notes on non-GAAP financial measures, including managed basis reporting, see page 6.         
For additional notes, see page 7.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

In  the  discussion  below  of  Firmwide  results  of  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.  (“JPMorganChase”  or  the  “Firm”),  information  is 
presented on a managed basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, unless otherwise specified. The discussion below 
of  the  Firm’s  business  segments  and  Corporate  is  also  presented  on  a  managed  basis.  For  more  information  about 
managed  basis  and  non-GAAP  financial  measures  used  by  management  to  evaluate  the  performance  of  each  line  of 
business, refer to page 6.

Comparisons  noted  in  the  sections  below  are  for  the  fourth  quarter  of  2024  versus  the  prior-year  fourth  quarter,  unless 
otherwise specified.

Net income was $14.0 billion, up 50%.

Net  revenue  was  $43.7  billion,  up  10%.  Net  interest  income  was  $23.5  billion,  down  3%.  Noninterest  revenue  was 
$20.3 billion, up 29%. 
Net  interest  income  excluding  Markets2  was  $23.0  billion,  down  2%,  driven  by  lower  rates  and  deposit  margin 
compression across the lines of business, as well as lower deposit balances in CCB. This was largely offset by the 
impact  of  balance  sheet  actions,  primarily  securities  reinvestment,  as  well  as  higher  revolving  balances  in  Card 
Services and higher wholesale deposit balances. Noninterest revenue excluding Markets2 was $13.7 billion, up 30%, 
largely driven by higher asset management fees in AWM and CCB, higher investment banking fees and lower net 
investment securities losses compared to the prior year. Markets revenue was $7.0 billion, up 21%.

Noninterest  expense  was  $22.8  billion,  down  7%.  Excluding  the  $2.9  billion  FDIC  special  assessment  in  the  prior 
year, noninterest expense was up 5%, predominantly driven by higher compensation, including growth in front office 
and technology employees, as well as higher brokerage expense and distribution fees.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $4.5 billion, down 6%. 
Net revenue13 was $18.4 billion, up 1%. Banking & Wealth Management net revenue was $10.2 billion, down 7%, driven 
by  lower  net  interest  income  on  deposit  margin  compression  and  lower  deposit  balances,  partially  offset  by  higher 
asset  management  fees  in  J.P.  Morgan  Wealth  Management.  Home  Lending  net  revenue  was  $1.3  billion,  up  12%, 
predominantly driven by higher production revenue. Card Services & Auto net revenue was $6.9 billion, up 14%, driven 
by Card Services, reflecting higher net interest income on higher revolving balances and higher card income on higher 
sales volume.

Noninterest expense was $9.7 billion, up 4%, predominantly driven by higher compensation for advisors and bankers, 
as well as higher technology expense.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $6.6 billion, up 59%.

Net revenue was $17.6 billion, up 18%. Banking & Payments revenue was $9.3 billion, up 15%. Investment Banking 
revenue was $2.6 billion, up 46%. Investment Banking fees were up 49%, driven by higher fees across all products. 
Payments revenue was $4.7 billion, up 6%. Excluding the net impact of equity investments, Payments revenue was 
up  3%,  driven  by  higher  deposit  balances  and  fee  growth,  largely  offset  by  deposit  margin  compression.  Lending 
revenue was $1.9 billion, up 9%, predominantly driven by lower losses on hedges of the retained lending portfolio.

Markets  &  Securities  Services  revenue  was  $8.3  billion,  up  20%.  Markets  revenue  was  $7.0  billion,  up  21%.  Fixed 
Income  Markets  revenue  was  $5.0  billion,  up  20%,  largely  driven  by  higher  revenue  in  Credit  and  Currencies  & 
Emerging Markets. Equity Markets revenue was $2.0 billion, up 22%, predominantly driven by higher client activity 
in Derivatives and Cash. Securities Services revenue was $1.3 billion, up 10%, driven by fee growth on higher client 
activity and market levels, as well as higher deposit balances.

Noninterest  expense  was  $8.7  billion,  up  7%,  predominantly  driven  by  higher  brokerage,  technology  and  legal 
expense.

Net income was $1.5 billion, up 25%.

Net  revenue  was  $5.8  billion,  up  13%,  predominantly  driven  by  growth  in  management  fees  on  higher  average 
market levels and strong net inflows, as well as higher performance fees.

Noninterest  expense  was  $3.8  billion,  up  11%,  predominantly  driven  by  higher  compensation,  including  revenue-
related compensation and continued growth in private banking advisor teams, as well as higher distribution fees.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

a. The  Firm  prepares  its  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  accordance  with  accounting  principles  generally 
accepted  in  the  U.S.  (“U.S.  GAAP”).  That  presentation,  which  is  referred  to  as  “reported”  basis,  provides  the 
reader  with  an  understanding  of  the  Firm’s  results  that  can  be  tracked  consistently  from  year-to-year  and 
enables a comparison of the Firm’s performance with the U.S. GAAP financial statements of other companies. In 
addition  to  analyzing  the  Firm’s  results  on  a  reported  basis,  management  reviews  Firmwide  results,  including 
the  overhead  ratio,  on  a  “managed”  basis;  these  Firmwide  managed  basis  results  are  non-GAAP  financial 
measures. The Firm also reviews the results of the lines of business on a managed basis. The Firm’s definition of 
managed basis starts, in each case, with the reported U.S. GAAP results and includes certain reclassifications to 
present  total  net  revenue  for  the  Firm  as  a  whole  and  for  each  of  the  reportable  business  segments  and 
Corporate  on  a  fully  taxable-equivalent  basis.  Accordingly,  revenue  from  investments  that  receive  tax  credits 
and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable investments 
and securities. These financial measures allow management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-
to-year arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-
exempt  items  is  recorded  within  income  tax  expense.  These  adjustments  have  no  impact  on  net  income  as 
reported  by  the  Firm  as  a  whole  or  by  each  of  the  lines  of  business  and  Corporate.  For  a  reconciliation  of  the 
Firm’s results from a reported to managed basis, refer to page 7 of the Earnings Release Financial Supplement.

b. Tangible  common  equity  (“TCE”),  return  on  tangible  common  equity  (“ROTCE”)  and  tangible  book  value  per 
share  (“TBVPS”)  are  each  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  TCE  represents  the  Firm’s  common  stockholders’ 
equity (i.e., total stockholders’ equity less preferred stock) less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets (other 
than  mortgage  servicing  rights),  net  of  related  deferred  tax  liabilities.  For  a  reconciliation  from  common 
stockholders’ equity to TCE, refer to page 10 of the Earnings Release Financial Supplement. ROTCE measures 
the  Firm’s  net  income  applicable  to  common  equity  as  a  percentage  of  average  TCE.  TBVPS  represents  the 
Firm’s TCE at period-end divided by common shares at period-end. Book value per share was $116.07, $115.15 
and  $104.45  at  December  31,  2024,  September  30,  2024,  and  December  31,  2023,  respectively.  TCE,  ROTCE, 
and TBVPS are utilized by the Firm, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Firm’s use of equity.

In  addition  to  reviewing  net  interest  income  (“NII”)  and  noninterest  revenue  (“NIR”)  on  a  managed  basis, 
management also reviews these metrics excluding Markets, which is composed of Fixed Income Markets and 
Equity Markets. Markets revenue consists of principal transactions, fees, commissions and other income, as well 
as net interest income. These metrics, which exclude Markets, are non-GAAP financial measures. Management 
reviews  these  metrics  to  assess  the  performance  of  the  Firm’s  lending,  investing  (including  asset-liability 
management)  and  deposit-raising  activities,  apart  from  any  volatility  associated  with  Markets  activities.  In 
addition,  management  also  assesses  Markets  business  performance  on  a  total  revenue  basis  as  offsets  may 
occur across revenue lines. For example, securities that generate net interest income may be risk-managed by 
derivatives  that  are  reflected  at  fair  value  in  principal  transactions  revenue.  Management  believes  these 
measures provide investors and analysts with alternative measures to analyze the revenue trends of the Firm. 
For a reconciliation of NII and NIR from reported to excluding Markets, refer to page 28 of the Earnings Release 
Financial Supplement. For additional information on Markets revenue, refer to page 75 of the Firm’s 2023 Form 
10-K.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

3. Estimated. Reflects the Current Expected Credit Losses (“CECL”) capital transition provisions. As of December 
31,  2024,  CET1  capital  and  Total  Loss-Absorbing  Capacity  reflected  the  remaining  $720  million  CECL  benefit. 
Refer  to  Note  21  of  the  Firm’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended  September  30, 
2024 and Note 27 of the Firm’s 2023 Form 10-K for additional information.

4. Estimated. Cash and marketable securities includes end-of-period eligible high-quality liquid assets (“HQLA”), 
excluding  regulatory  prescribed  haircuts  under  the  liquidity  coverage  ratio  (“LCR”)  rule  where  applicable,  for 
both  the  Firm  and  the  excess  HQLA-eligible  securities  included  as  part  of  the  excess  liquidity  at  JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A., which are not transferable to non-bank affiliates and thus excluded from the Firm’s LCR. Also 
includes  other  end-of-period  unencumbered  marketable  securities,  such  as  equity  and  debt  securities.  Does 
not include borrowing capacity at Federal Home Loan Banks and the discount window at the Federal Reserve 
Bank. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 50-57 of the Firm’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarterly  period  ended  September  30,  2024  and  pages  102-109  of  the  Firm’s  2023  Form  10-K  for  additional 
information.

5. Excludes Commercial Card.

6. Users of all mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days.

7. Effective in the second quarter of 2024, the Firm reorganized its reportable business segments by combining 
the  former  Corporate  &  Investment  Bank  and  Commercial  Banking  business  segments  to  form  one  segment, 
the Commercial & Investment Bank ("CIB").

Services businesses.

9. Assets under management (“AUM”).

Includes the net impact of employee issuances. Excludes excise tax and commissions.

11. Last twelve months (“LTM”).

lending-related 
commitments, as well as unused amounts of advised uncommitted lines of credit where the Firm has discretion 
on whether or not to make a loan under these lines. Credit and capital for corporations and non-U.S. government 
entities  includes  Individuals  and  Individual  Entities  primarily  consisting  of  Global  Private  Bank  clients  within 
AWM.

13. During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2024,  the  Firm  made  a  change  to  its  funds  transfer  pricing  with  respect  to 
consumer  deposits,  resulting  in  an  increase  in  the  funding  benefit  reflected  within  CCB  net  interest  income 
which is fully offset within Corporate net interest income.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America (“U.S.”), 
with operations worldwide. JPMorganChase had $4.0 trillion in assets and $345 billion in stockholders’ equity as of 
December  31,  2024.  The  Firm  is  a  leader  in  investment  banking,  financial  services  for  consumers  and  small 
businesses,  commercial  banking,  financial  transaction  processing  and  asset  management.  Under  the  J.P.  Morgan 
and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world’s most 
prominent  corporate,  institutional  and  government  clients  globally.  Information  about  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.  is 
available at www.jpmorganchase.com.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. will host a conference call today, January 15, 2025, at 8:30 a.m. (ET) to present fourth-quarter 
and full-year 2024 financial results. The general public can access the call by dialing (888) 324-3618 in the U.S. and 
Canada,  or  (312)  470-7119  for  international  callers;  use  passcode  1364784#.  Please  dial  in  15  minutes  prior  to  the 
start  of  the  call.  The  live  audio  webcast  and  presentation  slides  will  be  available  on  the  Firm’s  website, 
www.jpmorganchase.com, under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations.

A  replay  of  the  conference  call  will  be  available  beginning  at  approximately  11:00  a.m.  (ET)  on  January  15,  2025 
through 11:59 p.m. (ET) on January 29, 2025 by telephone at (800) 839-1248 (U.S. and Canada) or (203) 369-3356 
(international);  use  passcode  67370#.  The  replay  will  also  be  available  via  webcast  on  www.jpmorganchase.com 
under  Investor  Relations,  Events  &  Presentations.  Additional  detailed  financial,  statistical  and  business-related 
information is included in a financial supplement. The earnings release and the financial supplement are available at 
www.jpmorganchase.com.

This  earnings  release  contains  forward-looking  statements  within  the  meaning  of  the  Private  Securities  Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s 
management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in 
the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s actual results to differ materially 
from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 
September  30,  2024,  which  have  been  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  are  available  on 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s website (https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-web.com/financial-information/sec-filings), and on 
the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission’s  website  (www.sec.gov).  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.  does  not  undertake  to 
update any forward-looking statements.
</JPMC RESULT>

<JPMC RESULT>
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179-0001
NYSE symbol: JPM
www.jpmorganchase.com

JPMORGANCHASE REPORTS FIRST-QUARTER 2025 NET INCOME OF $14.6 BILLION ($5.07 PER SHARE)

Std. RWA3 $1.8T
Cash and marketable securities4 $1.5T
Average loans $1.3T

n Reported revenue of $45.3 billion and managed revenue

n Expense of $23.6 billion; reported overhead ratio of

Services net charge-off rate of 3.58%

Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO, commented: “The Firm reported strong 
underlying business and financial results in the first quarter, producing net 
income of $14.6 billion.”

Dimon continued: “In the CIB, Investment Banking fees rose 12% in the first 
quarter, although clients have become more cautious amid an increase in 
market volatility driven by geopolitical and trade-related tensions. Meanwhile, 
we saw increased activity in the Markets business. Markets revenue rose to 
$9.7 billion, an exceptionally strong quarter with record revenue in Equities. In 
CCB, the franchise continued to acquire new customers at a robust pace, 
opening 500,000 net new checking accounts and adding record first-time 
investors in wealth management. Finally, AWM had healthy AUM net inflows 
of $90 billion, and investment performance remained strong.”

Dimon added: “This quarter, we repurchased $7 billion of common stock and 
announced a 12% increase in the common dividend. The increase in capital 
return was supported by our strong earnings generation and elevated capital 
levels. That being said, we continue to believe it is prudent to maintain excess 
capital and ample liquidity in this environment – our CET1 ratio remained very 
strong at 15.4%, and we have an extraordinary amount of liquidity, with $1.5 
trillion of cash and marketable securities.”

Dimon added: “The economy is facing considerable turbulence (including 
geopolitics), with the potential positives of tax reform and deregulation and the 
potential negatives of tariffs and “trade wars,” ongoing sticky inflation, high 
fiscal deficits and still rather high asset prices and volatility. As always, we 
hope for the best but prepare the Firm for a wide range of scenarios.”

Dimon concluded: “We remain committed to serving our clients and 
communities, which include consumers, small and large-sized businesses, 
schools, cities, states and countries, across all environments. And our fortress 
balance sheet enables the Firm to be a pillar of strength, particularly during 
volatile or challenging times.”

n Common dividend of $3.9 billion or $1.40 per share
n $7.1 billion of common stock net repurchases13
n Net payout LTM13,14 of 62%

n Book value per share of $119.24, up 12% YoY; tangible book value per

share2 of $100.36, up 13% YoY

of 15.4% and Advanced ratio3 of 15.5%

n Firm supplementary leverage ratio of 6.0%

n $60 billion of credit for consumers
n $10 billion of credit for U.S. small businesses
n $760 billion of credit and capital for corporations and non-U.S.

n $10 billion of credit and capital for nonprofit and U.S. government
entities, including states, municipalities, hospitals and universities

Investor Contact: Mikael Grubb (212) 270-2479
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
1 Percentage comparisons are for the first quarter of 2025 versus the prior-year first quarter, unless otherwise specified.  
2 For notes on non-GAAP financial measures, including managed basis reporting, see page 6.        
For additional notes, see page 7.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

In the discussion below of Firmwide results of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorganChase” or the “Firm”), information is presented 
on a managed basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, unless otherwise specified. The discussion below of the Firm’s business 
segments and Corporate is also presented on a managed basis. For more information about managed basis and non-GAAP financial 
measures used by management to evaluate the performance of each line of business, refer to page 6.

Comparisons  noted  in  the  sections  below  are  for  the  first  quarter  of  2025  versus  the  prior-year  first  quarter,  unless  otherwise 
specified.

Net income was $14.6 billion, up 9%.

Net interest income excluding Markets2 was $22.6 billion, down 2%, driven by the impact of lower rates and deposit margin 
compression as well as lower deposit balances in CCB. These were predominantly offset by higher revolving balances in Card 
Services,  the  impact  of  securities  activity  including  activity  in  prior  quarters,  as  well  as  higher  wholesale  deposit  balances. 
Noninterest revenue excluding Markets2 was $13.8 billion, up 20%. Excluding the $588 million First Republic-related gain11, 
noninterest revenue excluding Markets2 was up 14%, largely driven by higher asset management fees in AWM and CCB, lower 
net  investment  securities  losses  compared  to  the  prior  year  and  higher  investment  banking  fees.  Markets  revenue  was  $9.7 
billion, up 21%, primarily driven by higher Equity Markets revenue.

Noninterest expense was $23.6 billion, up 4%, driven by higher compensation, including higher revenue-related compensation 
and  growth  in  front  office  and  technology  employees.  The  increase  was  also  driven  by  higher  brokerage  expense  and 
distribution fees, higher marketing expense and the absence of a legal benefit from the prior year. These increases were largely 
offset by the impact of a FDIC special assessment accrual release of $323 million compared with an increase of $725 million in 
the prior year.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $4.4 billion, down 8%.

Net  revenue16  was  $18.3  billion,  up  4%.  Banking  &  Wealth  Management  net  revenue  was  $10.3  billion,  down  1%,  driven  by 
lower  net  interest  income  on  lower  deposit  balances,  predominantly  offset  by  higher  asset  management  fees  in  J.P.  Morgan 
Wealth Management. Home Lending net revenue was $1.2 billion, up 2%, driven by higher net interest income. Card Services & 
Auto net revenue was $6.9 billion, up 12%, predominantly driven by higher Card Services net interest income on higher revolving 
balances as well as higher auto operating lease income.

Noninterest  expense  was  $9.9  billion,  up  6%,  predominantly  driven  by  higher  marketing  and  technology  expense,  higher 
compensation for advisors and bankers and higher auto lease depreciation.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $6.9 billion, up 5%.

Net revenue was $19.7 billion, up 12%. Banking & Payments revenue was $8.8 billion, up 4%. Investment Banking revenue 
was $2.3 billion, up 2%. Investment Banking fees were $2.2 billion, up 12%, driven by higher debt underwriting and advisory 
fees, partially offset by lower equity underwriting fees. Payments revenue was $4.6 billion, up 2%. Excluding the net impact of 
equity investments, Payments revenue was up 3%, driven by higher deposit balances and fee growth, predominantly offset by 
deposit  margin  compression.  Lending  revenue  was  $1.9  billion,  up  11%,  driven  by  lower  losses  on  hedges  of  the  retained 
lending portfolio compared to the prior year, partially offset by lower loan balances.

Markets & Securities Services revenue was $10.9 billion, up 19%. Markets revenue was $9.7 billion, up 21%. Fixed Income 
Markets revenue was $5.8 billion, up 8%, predominantly driven by higher revenue in Rates and Commodities. Equity Markets 
revenue  was  $3.8  billion,  up  48%,  driven  by  higher  revenue  across  products,  with  particularly  strong  performance  in 
Derivatives  amid  elevated  levels  of  volatility.  Securities  Services  revenue  was  $1.3  billion,  up  7%,  driven  by  fee  growth  on 
higher client activity and market levels as well as higher deposit balances, partially offset by deposit margin compression.

Noninterest expense was $9.8 billion, up 13%, predominantly driven by higher compensation, including higher revenue-related 
compensation  and  growth  in  employees,  as  well  as  higher  brokerage  expense  and  higher  legal  expense,  primarily  due  to  the 
absence of a legal benefit from the prior year.

Net income was $1.6 billion, up 23%.

Net revenue was $5.7 billion, up 12%, predominantly driven by growth in management fees on strong net inflows and higher 
average market levels, as well as higher brokerage activity and higher deposit balances.

Noninterest  expense  was  $3.7  billion,  up  7%,  largely  driven  by  higher  compensation,  including  higher  revenue-related 
compensation and continued growth in private banking advisor teams, as well as higher distribution fees.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

Net income was $1.7 billion, up $1.0 billion.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

a. The  Firm  prepares  its  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  accordance  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in 
the  U.S.  (“U.S.  GAAP”).  That  presentation,  which  is  referred  to  as  “reported”  basis,  provides  the  reader  with  an 
understanding  of  the  Firm’s  results  that  can  be  tracked  consistently  from  year-to-year  and  enables  a  comparison  of  the 
Firm’s  performance  with  the  U.S.  GAAP  financial  statements  of  other  companies.  In  addition  to  analyzing  the  Firm’s 
results  on  a  reported  basis,  management  reviews  Firmwide  results,  including  the  overhead  ratio,  on  a  “managed”  basis; 
these Firmwide managed basis results are non-GAAP financial measures. The Firm also reviews the results of the lines of 
business on a managed basis. The Firm’s definition of managed basis starts, in each case, with the reported U.S. GAAP 
results  and  includes  certain  reclassifications  to  present  total  net  revenue  for  the  Firm  as  a  whole  and  for  each  of  the 
reportable  business  segments  and  Corporate  on  a  fully  taxable-equivalent  basis.  Accordingly,  revenue  from  investments 
that  receive  tax  credits  and  tax-exempt  securities  is  presented  in  the  managed  results  on  a  basis  comparable  to  taxable 
investments and securities. These financial measures allow management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-
to-year  arising  from  both  taxable  and  tax-exempt  sources.  The  corresponding  income  tax  impact  related  to  tax-exempt 
items is recorded within income tax expense. These adjustments have no impact on net income as reported by the Firm as a 
whole  or  by  each  of  the  lines  of  business  and  Corporate.  For  a  reconciliation  of  the  Firm’s  results  from  a  reported  to 
managed basis, refer to page 7 of the Earnings Release Financial Supplement.

b. Tangible  common  equity  (“TCE”),  return  on  tangible  common  equity  (“ROTCE”)  and  tangible  book  value  per  share 
(“TBVPS”)  are  each  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  TCE  represents  the  Firm’s  common  stockholders’  equity  (i.e.,  total 
stockholders’  equity  less  preferred  stock)  less  goodwill  and  identifiable  intangible  assets  (other  than  mortgage  servicing 
rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities. For a reconciliation from common stockholders’ equity to TCE, refer to page 
10 of the Earnings Release Financial Supplement. ROTCE measures the Firm’s net income applicable to common equity as 
a percentage of average TCE. TBVPS represents the Firm’s TCE at period-end divided by common shares at period-end. 
Book  value  per  share  was  $119.24,  $116.07  and  $106.81  at  March  31,  2025,  December  31,  2024  and  March  31,  2024, 
respectively. TCE, ROTCE and TBVPS are utilized by the Firm, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Firm’s 
use of equity.

In addition to reviewing net interest income (“NII”) and noninterest revenue (“NIR”) on a managed basis, management also 
reviews  these  metrics  excluding  Markets,  which  is  composed  of  Fixed  Income  Markets  and  Equity  Markets.  Markets 
revenue  consists  of  principal  transactions,  fees,  commissions  and  other  income,  as  well  as  net  interest  income.  These 
metrics,  which  exclude  Markets,  are  non-GAAP  financial  measures.  Management  reviews  these  metrics  to  assess  the 
performance  of  the  Firm’s  lending,  investing  (including  asset-liability  management)  and  deposit-raising  activities,  apart 
from  any  volatility  associated  with  Markets  activities.  In  addition,  management  also  assesses  Markets  business 
performance on a total revenue basis as offsets may occur across revenue lines. For example, securities that generate net 
interest  income  may  be  risk-managed  by  derivatives  that  are  reflected  at  fair  value  in  principal  transactions  revenue. 
Management  believes  these  measures  provide  investors  and  analysts  with  alternative  measures  to  analyze  the  revenue 
trends  of  the  Firm.  For  a  reconciliation  of  NII  and  NIR  from  reported  to  excluding  Markets,  refer  to  page  28  of  the 
Earnings Release Financial Supplement. For additional information on Markets revenue, refer to pages 81-82 of the Firm’s 
2024 Form 10-K.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

3. Estimated.  As  of  January  1,  2025,  the  benefit  from  the  Current  Expected  Credit  Losses  (“CECL”)  capital  transition

provision had been fully phased-out. Refer to Note 27 of the Firm’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information.

4. Estimated. Cash and marketable securities includes end-of-period eligible high-quality liquid assets (“HQLA”), excluding 
regulatory prescribed haircuts under the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) rule where applicable, for both the Firm and the 
excess  HQLA-eligible  securities  included  as  part  of  the  excess  liquidity  at  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  which  are  not 
transferable  to  non-bank  affiliates  and  thus  excluded  from  the  Firm’s  LCR.  Also  includes  other  end-of-period 
unencumbered  marketable  securities,  such  as  equity  and  debt  securities.  Does  not  include  borrowing  capacity  at  Federal 
Home Loan Banks and the discount window at the Federal Reserve Bank. Refer to Liquidity Risk Management on pages 
108-115 of the Firm’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional information.

5. Excludes Commercial Card.

6. Users of all mobile platforms who have logged in within the past 90 days.

7. Effective  in  the  second  quarter  of  2024,  the  Firm  reorganized  its  reportable  business  segments  by  combining  the  former 
Corporate  &  Investment  Bank  and  Commercial  Banking  business  segments  to  form  one  segment,  the  Commercial  & 
Investment Bank ("CIB").

8. On January 1, 2025, $5.6 billion of loans were realigned from Global Corporate Banking to Fixed Income Markets.

businesses.

10. Assets under management (“AUM”).

11. On January 17, 2025, the Firm reached an agreement with the FDIC with respect to certain outstanding items related to the 
First Republic acquisition. As a result of the agreement, the Firm made a payment of $609 million to the FDIC on January 
31, 2025 and reduced its additional payable to the FDIC, which resulted in a gain of $588 million which was recorded in 
other income in the first quarter of 2025. Refer to Note 34 on pages 319-321 of the Firm’s 2024 Form 10-K for additional 
information.

12. Earnings per share (“EPS”).

13. Includes the net impact of employee issuances. Excludes excise tax and commissions.

14. Last twelve months (“LTM”).

15. Credit provided to clients represents new and renewed credit, including loans and lending-related commitments, as well as 
unused amounts of advised uncommitted lines of credit where the Firm has discretion on whether or not to make a loan 
under these lines. Credit and capital for corporations and non-U.S. government entities includes Individuals and Individual 
Entities primarily consisting of Global Private Bank clients within AWM.

16. During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Firm made a change to its funds transfer pricing with respect to consumer deposits, 
resulting  in  an  increase  in  the  funding  benefit  reflected  within  CCB  net  interest  income  which  is  fully  offset  within 
Corporate net interest income.

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America (“U.S.”), with 
operations worldwide. JPMorganChase had $4.4 trillion in assets and $351 billion in stockholders’ equity as of March 31, 2025. 
The  Firm  is  a  leader  in  investment  banking,  financial  services  for  consumers  and  small  businesses,  commercial  banking, 
financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of 
customers predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients 
globally. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.

JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.  will  host  a  conference  call  today,  April  11,  2025,  at  8:30  a.m.  (ET)  to  present  first-quarter  2025  
financial results. The general public can access the conference call by dialing the following numbers: 1 (888) 324-3618 in the 
U.S. and Canada; +1 (312) 470-7119 for international callers; use passcode 1364784#. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the 
the  Firm’s  website, 
start  of 
www.jpmorganchase.com, under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations.

the  call.  The

A replay of the conference call also will be available by telephone beginning at approximately 11:00 a.m. (ET) on April 11, 
2025 through 11:59 p.m. (ET) on April 25, 2025 at 1 (866) 360-8712 (U.S. and Canada); +1 (203) 369-0180 (International); use 
passcode  67370#.  The  replay  will  be  available  via  webcast  on  www.jpmorganchase.com  under  Investor  Relations,  Events  & 
Presentations. Additional detailed financial, statistical and business-related information is included in a financial supplement. 
The earnings release and the financial supplement are available at www.jpmorganchase.com.

This earnings release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
1995. These statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s management and are 
subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
Factors  that  could  cause  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.’s  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  those  described  in  the  forward-
looking statements can be found in JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
2024, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is available on JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s website 
(https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-web.com/ir/sec-other-filings/overview),  and  on  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission’s 
website (www.sec.gov). JPMorgan Chase & Co. does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.
</JPMC RESULT>